iv. OPEN_LANE_DECELERATION[3]- Sporty[2], Normal[1], Relaxed[0] – Normal[1]v. OPEN_LANE_ACCELERATION[4]- Sporty[2], Normal[1], Relaxed[0] – Normal[1]vi. SPEED_THROUGH_TURN[5]- Sporty[2], Normal[1], Relaxed[0] – Normal[1]5. Custom is shown as selected in Automated Driving Style.6. Normal is shown as selected in Lane Change Style.7. Using Mock Service, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": false (value is 0) with delay 200ms.Note:Lane Change Style is now renamed from Lane Merge.For Mock Service, there is still Lane Merge. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Automated Driving Style.4. Press on Custom.5. Press on Lane Change Style.6. Press on Relaxed. Verify that Relaxed is selected.7. Verify that a snackbar is shown with text “Lane Change Style settings unavailable”.8. Verify that snackbar is dismissed automatically after 3s.9. Verify that Relaxed option is selected. 6. Relaxed is selected.7. Snackbar shown with text "Lane Change Style settings unavailable".8. Snackbar is dismissed after 3s.9. Relaxed is not selected and Normal is reverted to selected.2396 TC_Cluster_Alert_2016_Interaction3_Low Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Unable Left' alert when interacting with low priority alert (Alert#23). 1. Set **Lane Change Warnings Enable CAL** = True.2. Set **System Power Mode Signal** = Propulsion. 1. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Unable Left2. Set **Electric Park Brake System Display Indication Request Signal** = ALERT_3 after 12 sec3. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = No Indication4. Set **Electric Park Brake System Display Indication Request Signal** = OFF 1. Verify 'Auto Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes' alert is activated.2. Verify 'Service Parking Brake' alert active for 12 sec, then 'Auto Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes' alert active, after that the 2 alerts begin cycle active, the cycle time is 12 sec.4. Verify no alert active.