111 TC_MFL546_MFC_Settings_Vehicle_0037 Verify "Lane Change Alert" screen display in "Settings->Vehicle->Collision/Detection Systems" via MFC 1. MFC connected2. User is on "Vehicle" tab screen.3. CAN message has been sent to driving mode etc. 1. Rotate and push the rotary to select "Collision/Detection Systems" option.2. Rotate and push the rotary to select "Lane Change Alert" text. 1. "Lane Change Alert" screen displays with main cursor focus on the first item which the radio is high light.112 TC_Cluster_Alert_2391_Basic_PROPULSION Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change for Route' alert when PM = 'PROPULSION' 1. Set Autonomous Driving Unavailable More 24x Warnings CAL = True2. Set PM = PROPULSION 1. Set Lane Centering Warning 2 Indication Request Signal = Changing Lanes for Route2. Set Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal = Autonomous Driving3. Set Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Cluster Display4. Delay 2 sec5. Set Lane Centering Warning 2 Indication Request Signal != Changing Lanes for Route 3. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Changing Lanes to Follow Route' is activated.5. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Changing Lanes to Follow Route' is deactivated.113 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Settings_073 Verify that Normal is selected from Relaxed when Preference Change Response with confirmation value is 1 in Lane Change Style 1. IVI is in RUN mode.2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. Using Mock System, preferenceType - availableValues- selectedValue are enabled in getPreferenceList() as following:i. AUTOMATED_DRIVING_STYLE[0] - Sporty[3], Normal[2], Relaxed[1], Custom[0] - Custom[0]ii. LANE_MERGE[15] - Sporty[2], Normal[1], Relaxed[0] – Relaxed[0]5. Custom is shown as selected in Automated Driving Style.6. Relaxed is shown as selected in Lane Change Style.7. Using Mock System, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": true (value is 1) with delay 200ms.Note:Lane Merge is now renamed to Lane Change Style.