2397 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Settings_101 Verify that "Auto Lane Change for Time settings unavailable" snackbar appears when preference change confirmation is 0 (disabled) after selecting On in Autonomous Driving settings 1. IVI is in RUN mode.2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. Using Mock FSA, preferenceType - availableValues- selectedValue are enabled in getPreferenceList() as following:AUTO_LANE_CHANGE_FOR_FASTER_ROUTE[10] - On[1], Off[0] – Off[0]5. Off is shown as selected Auto Lane Change for Time option.6. Using Mock FSA, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": false (value is 0) with delay 200ms. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Auto Lane Change for Time.4. Press on On and verify that On is selected.5. Verify that a snackbar is shown with text "Auto Lane Change for Time settings unavailable".6. Verify that snackbar is dismissed automatically after 11s.7. Verify that On option is selected. 4. On is selected.5. Snackbar shown with text "Auto Lane Change for Time settings unavailable".6. Snackbar is dismissed after 11s.7. On is not selected and Off will be reverted to selected.2398 TC_Cluster_Alert_2016_Interaction4_Low Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Unable Left' alert when interacting with low priority alert (Alert #23). 1. Set **Lane Change Warning Configuration** = Autonomous Driving.2. Set **Vehicle Power Mode Signal** = Propulsion. 1. Set **Driver Assistance System Signal** = Unable Left **Driver Assist System Trim Signal** = None2. Set **Parking Brake Display Signal** = ALERT_3 within 2 sec of 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes' active3. Set **Driver Assistance System Signal** = OFF4. Set **Parking Brake Display Signal** = OFF 1. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes' alert is activated.2. Verify alert 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes' active for 12 sec, then 'Service Parking Brake' active for 12 sec, after that the 2 alerts begin cycle active, the cycle time is 12 sec.4. Verify no alert active.