10. Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Request Signal = Off11. Details unavailable while driving.12. Back to Drive & Park page14. Close the application and return to the last Android application.1682 TC_Cluster_Alert_869_Other_002 Verifying Lane Change Alert Limited by Trailer in Run to Propulsion mode transition 1. Power mode = Runi.e: System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Run2. Lane Change Alert Trailer Enable CAL = True 1. Set **Lane Change Alert Limited Trailer Indicator On Signal** = TRUE2. Power mode = Propulsioni.e: System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Propulsion 2. Verify "Verifying Lane Change Alert Limited by Trailer" pop-up is Activated and Deactivated after Acknowledge Time 10 sec1683 TC_Cluster_Super_Cruise_InCar_001 Verify Autonomous Driving auto lane change DIC display during lane change. 1. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Cluster Display. 1. Power on one test vehicle, confirm the Autonomous Driving Lane Change on Demand (LCoD) setting on ICS is set as Auto or Enabled by Turn Signal Lamp, and make sure there no DTCs or fails will block Autonomous Driving function.2. Drive the vehicle on HD MAP available roads and test Autonomous Driving.3. When Autonomous Driving works well, then driver turn the Turn Signal Lamp to Left or Right to enable the Autonomous Driving LCoD assist function.4. Autonomous Driving LCoD Assist function usually has three steps:a. Searching available lane change point on adjacent left or right lane. This step shall have one display window on the top right area of cluster to show driver the searching process.b. When find available lane change point, then Autonomous Driving LCoD Assist function will drive the vehicle to act lane change action. This step shall also have one display window on the same top right area of cluster to show driver the lane changing process from current lane to adjacent left or right lane.c. When completely finished lane change action and make the vehicle drive in the center of the target left or right lane, then the display window on same top right area of Cluster will show driver the finished lane change action.d. Then the lane change display window shall disappear. Autonomous Driving auto lane change DIC shall display for entire duration of lane change.1684 TC_MFL_136280_Settings_0003 Verify default selection on Lane Change Alert menu 1. System is ON2. User is on the "Collision / Detection Systems" menu from "Vehicle"