2. Observe **Lane Keep Assist Signal** = On.3. Send **Lane Detection Warning and Control Feature State Signal** = Standby/Ready to Assist/Failed4. Check Lane Assistance state = Off in Drive screen **Lane Keep Assist Signal** should be sent successfully and Lane Assistance state = On in Drive screen.787 TC_Virtual_Controls_DEV_1278 Verify the Lane Centering Assistance current state is Off in Drive & Park/Drive(depending on vehicle type) screen. 1. PM = Propulsion 1. Set **Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Current Selection Value Signal** = Off2. Set **Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Available Signal** = Available3. Verify the current state of Lane Centering Assistance is Off in Drive & Park/Drive(depending on vehicle type) screen Should be able to view Lane Centering Assistance with Off as selected state in Drive & Park/Drive(depending on vehicle type) screen.788 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0096 Verify all the elements of "Autonomous Driving Style - Lane Change Frequency - Info" screen are displayed without Chopping/Overlapping. 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Autonomous Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Click on Settings3. Click on the "Autonomous Driving Style" screen.4.Click on Custom under"Autonomous Driving Style"text4. Click on "Lane Change Frequency" All the elements in the screen such as "header title, Primary text with 'Rarely, Normal and Often' options and respective side text and back button should be displayed in the header.Background of Screen, Font style of the text, The Position and Alignment of the text , and all the feature names, Primary and guide text should display according to "Autonomous Driving Settings - Autonomous Driving Style - Lane Change Frequency - Info" screen and text elements of the screen should not be Chopped/Overlapped.789 TC_Cluster_Alert_116_OtherPMChange Verify Lane Departure Warning Unavailable Alert Behavior on Power Mode Changes 1. Set Lane Departure Warning Unavailable CAL = Enable (Default) 1.1. Set PM = RUN1.1. Set Lane Departure Warning Unavailable Indication On Signal = Enable1.2. Change PM = PROPULSION2.1. Change PM = OFF