7. Verify "Adaptive Cruise Disengaging" alert deactive, "Lane Centering Assistance is on standby or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance is on standby)" alert active, and deactive when timeout "3" sec.461 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0298 Verify "Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Poor Weather Conditions" is removed and "Autonomous Driving Locked Out" is displayed in Monitor Tile when specific CAN signals are sent. 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0(Autonomous Driving Disabled) or 2(Autonomous Driving Active).5. Current Monitor Tile shows "Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Poor Weather Conditions". 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. the raw CAN message or Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal = Autonomous Driving & Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Center Stack Displayii. the raw CAN message or Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal = Lane Following Locked Out4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Poor Weather Conditions" is not shown.5. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Locked Out" with text "See Owner's Manual" is shown. 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Poor Weather Conditions" should be removed and not shown in Monitor Tile.5. "Autonomous Driving Locked Out" with text "See Owner's Manual" should show in Monitor Tile.462 TC_AutonomousDriving_Carpool_Lanes_007 Verify the availability of all the elements of 'Carpool Lanes' screen Possible Actions: NAScreen Transition: NASelected Source:Carpool LanesTarget Screen: NATarget Screen Always: NA1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4.Enable 'Carpool Lanes' feature with 'On and Off' radio buttons 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving settings application from Home screen of App tray.2.Press on Settings3.Press on Carpool Lanes 3.Background of Screen, all the feature names, primary and guide text, color, shape, size and position of the elements should be displayed according to sketch files of respective theme applied.