2. Set **Trim Level Indication Signal** = Autonomous Driving3. Set **Message Display Location Non Active Signal** = Cluster Display4. Delay 2 sec5. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal** = No Indication 3. Verify "Autonomous Driving Lane Change Lane Change Timed Out to Right" is deactivated.5. Verify "Autonomous Driving Lane Change Lane Change Timed Out to Right" is deactivated.384 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0041 Verify selected Open Lane Acceleration settings are updated and displayed in Automated Driving Style Custom page with confirmation enabled 1. IVI is in RUN mode.2. Automated Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Automated Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. Using Mock FSA, preferenceType - availableValues- selectedValue are enabled in getPreferenceList() as following:i. **Automated Driving Style CAL**[0] - Faster[3], Mid[2], Slower[1], Custom[0] - Custom[0]ii. **Lane Change Spacing CAL**[1] - Further[2], Mid[1], Closer[0] - Mid[1]iii. **Lane Change Frequency CAL**[2]- More[2], Mid[1], Less[0] - Mid[1]iv. **Open Lane Deceleration CAL**[3]- Faster[2], Mid[1], Slower[0] - Mid[1]v. **Open Lane Acceleration CAL**[4]- Faster[2], Mid[1], Slower[0] - Mid[1]vi. **Speed Through Turn CAL**[5]- Faster[2], Mid[1], Slower[0] - Mid[1]5. Using Mock FSA, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": true (value is 1) with delay 200ms. 1. Launch Automated Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Automated Driving Style.4. Press on Custom.5. Press on Open Lane Acceleration.6. Press on Slow.7. Press Back button and verify that Slow is shown in the line below Open Lane Acceleration.8. Press on Open Lane Acceleration.9. Press on Medium.10. Press Back button and verify that Medium is shown in the line below Open Lane Acceleration.11. Press on Open Lane Acceleration.12. Press on Fast.13. Press Back button and verify that Medium is shown in the line below Open Lane Acceleration. 7. Slow is shown in the line below Open Lane Acceleration.