2.2. Verify "Take control. Lane centering off. or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance Disengaging. Take control of vehicle.) or (Keep hands on for lane centering in MY26 vehicle)" alert is not deactivated when SWC button pressed.3.1. Verify "Take control. Lane centering off. or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance Disengaging. Take control of vehicle.) or (Keep hands on for lane centering in MY26 vehicle)" is deactivated.3.3 Verify "Take control. Lane centering off. or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance Disengaging. Take control of vehicle.) or (Keep hands on for lane centering in MY26 vehicle)" is deactivated.263 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Settings_047 Verify that Relaxed is selected from Normal when Preference Change Response with confirmation value is 1 in Open Lane Deceleration 1. IVI is in RUN mode.2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. Using Mock FSA, preferenceType - availableValues- selectedValue are enabled in getPreferenceList() as following:i. AUTOMATED_DRIVING_STYLE[0] - Sporty[3], Normal[2], Relaxed[1], Custom[0] - Custom[0]ii. OPEN_LANE_DECELERATION[3]- Sporty[2], Normal[1], Relaxed[0] – Normal[1]5. Custom is shown as selected in Automated Driving Style.6. Normal is shown as selected in Open Lane Deceleration.7. Using Mock FSA, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": true (value is 1) with delay 200ms. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Automated Driving Style.4. Press on Custom.5. Press on Open Lane Deceleration.6. Press on Relaxed.7. Verify that Relaxed is selected and Normal is not selected. 7. Relaxed is selected and Normal is not selected.264 TC_Cluster_Alert_2152_Basic_PM Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Timed Out Left' alert 1. Set **Autonomous Driving Lane Change Warnings CAL** = True 1.Set PM = RUN