iii. LANE_CHANGE_FREQUENCY[2]- More[2], Mid[1], Less[0] - Mid[1]iv. OPEN_LANE_DECELERATION[3]- Faster[2], Mid[1], Slower[0] - Mid[1]v. OPEN_LANE_ACCELERATION[4]- Faster[2], Mid[1], Slower[0] - Mid[1]vi. SPEED_THROUGH_TURN[5]- Faster[2], Mid[1], Slower[0] - Mid[1]5. Custom is shown as selected in Automated Driving Style.6. Medium is shown as selected in Open Lane Acceleration.7. Using Mock FSA, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": false (value is 0) with delay 200ms. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Automated Driving Style.4. Press on Custom.5. Press on Open Lane Acceleration.6. Press on Slow. Verify that Slow is selected.7. Verify that a snackbar is shown with text "Open Lane Acceleration settings unavailable".8. Verify that snackbar is dismissed automatically after 11s.9. Verify that Slow option is selected. 6. Slow is selected.7. Snackbar shown with text "Open Lane Acceleration settings unavailable".8. Snackbar is dismissed after 11s.9. Slow is not selected and Medium is reverted to selected.2405 TC_Ultra_Cruise_Dev_0043 Verify "Open Lane Deceleration settings unavailable" snackbar appears when Preference Change Response confirmation value is 0 after selecting Slower in Open Lane Deceleration Info Page 1. IVI is in RUN mode.2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. Using Mock System, preferenceType - availableValues- selectedValue are enabled in getPreferenceList() as following:i. AUTOMATED_DRIVING_STYLE[0] - Faster[3], Mid[2], Slower[1], Custom[0] - Custom[0]ii. LANE_CHANGE_SPACING[1] - Further[2], Mid[1], Closer[0] - Mid[1]iii. LANE_CHANGE_FREQUENCY[2]- More[2], Mid[1], Less[0] - Mid[1]iv. OPEN_LANE_DECELERATION[3]- Faster[2], Mid[1], Slower[0] - Mid[1]