v. OPEN_LANE_ACCELERATION[4]- Faster[2], Mid[1], Slower[0] - Mid[1]vi. SPEED_THROUGH_TURN[5]- Faster[2], Mid[1], Slower[0] - Mid[1]5. Custom is shown as selected in Automated Driving Style.6. Mid is shown as selected in Open Lane Deceleration.7. Using Mock System, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": false (value is 0) with delay 200ms. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Automated Driving Style.4. Press on Open Lane Deceleration text.5. Press on Slow. Verify that Slower is selected.6. Verify that a snackbar is shown with text "Open Lane Deceleration settings unavailable".7. Verify that snackbar is dismissed automatically after 11s.8. Verify that Slow option is selected. 5. Slow is selected.6. Snackbar shown with text "Open Lane Deceleration settings unavailable".7. Snackbar is dismissed after 11s.8. Slow is not selected and Mid is reverted to selected.2406 TC_Cluster_Alert_2017_Interaction3_High Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Unable Right' alert when interact with high priority alert (Alert #33). 1. Set **Lane Change Warnings CAL** = Autonomous Driving.2. Set **Power Mode** = Propulsion. 1. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Teen Driver Active, **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = None.2. Set **Brakes Overheated Indication On Signal** = Enable after 12 sec.3. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = No Indication.4. Set **Brakes Overheated Indication On Signal** = Disable. 1. Verify 'Teen Driver Active' alert is activated.2. Verify 'Brakes Overheated Do not drive Schedule service' alert active for 12 sec, then 'Teen Driver Active' alert active, after that the 2 alerts begin cycle active, the cycle time is 12 sec.3. Verify no alert active.2407 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0128 Verify that "Usage of Carpool Lanes settings unavailable" snackbar can be shown when Preference Change Response with confirmation value is 0 when changing from Off to On in Settings - Usage of Carpool Lanes 1. IVI is in RUN mode.