2. Set PM = PROPULSION 1. Set **Active Safety Operator Critical Notifications Protected : Hands On Lane Centering Assist Warning Indication Request Signal** = Disabled and Locked Out2. Delay 2 sec3. Set **Active Safety Operator Critical Notifications Protected : Hands On Lane Centering Assist Warning Indication Request Signal** = No Indication 1. Verify "Lane centering locked out or (For [Generic Model] and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance Locked Out. See Owner's Manual.)" is activated.3. Verify "Lane centering locked out or (For [Generic Model] and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance Locked Out. See Owner's Manual.)" is deactivated.415 TC_Cluster_Alert_2134_OtherPMChange Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Unable Left' alert when changing power mode 1. Set **Autonomous Driving Lane Change Warnings Enable CAL** = Enabled 1.1. Set **Power Mode** = Run1.2. Set **ADAS Trim Level Indication Signal** = Autonomous Driving1.3. Set **Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Cluster Display1.4. Change **Power Mode** = Propulsion2.1. Change **Power Mode** = Off3.1. Change **Power Mode** = Run 1.4. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Unable to Change Lanes to Left' alert remains activated when changing **Power Mode** to Propulsion.2.1. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Unable to Change Lanes to Left' alert is deactivated when changing **Power Mode** to Off.3.1. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Unable to Change Lanes to Left' alert is activated when changing **Power Mode** to Run.416 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_1163 Verify the availability of all elements in "Autonomous Driving Settings - Automated Driving Style - Lane Change Frequency - Info" screen 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock Feature Settings App 1. Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2. Click on Settings3. Click on the "Automated Driving Style" screen.4. Click on 'Custom' option under "Automated Driving Style" text5. Click on "Lane Change Frequency" All the elements in the screen such as "header title, Primary text with 'Rarely, Sometimes and Often' options and respective side text and back button should be displayed in the header.