701 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_1170 Verify font style of text in "Automated Driving Style - Lane Change Style" screen 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock FSA 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Click on Settings3. Click on the "Automated Driving Style" screen.4.Click on ' Custom' under "Automated Driving Style"text5.Click on "Lane Change Style" Font style of the text should be according to "Automated Driving Style - Lane Change Style" screen.702 TC_FCC_Controls_Dev_65 Verify navigation to Lane Assistance screen with BZSA and HOLCA features in System when system is in Run mode. 1. System Power Mode = Runi.e:S+E3:System Power Mode Protected : System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Run 1. Click on Lane Assistance in Drive screen.2. Observe the screen is navigated from Drive to Lane Assistance with BZSA & HOLCA. Should be able to navigate and view Lane Assistance with BZSA & HOLCA screen.703 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_1175 Verify the font style of the text in "Automated Driving Style - Open Lane Acceleration" screen. Possible Actions: NAScreen Transition: NASelected Source: Autonomous Driving Settings - Automated Driving Style - Open Lane Acceleration InfoTarget Screen: NATarget Screen Always: NA1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock FSA 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Click on Settings3. Click on the "Automated Driving Style"4.Click on 'Custom' option in "Automated Driving Style" screen5. Click on "Open Lane Acceleration" Font style of the text should be according to "Automated Driving Style - Open Lane Acceleration Info" screen and should be displayed according to sketch files of respective theme applied.704 TC_Cluster_Alert_536_Basic_PM Verify "Lane Change Alert System Off" alert 1. Set **Lane Change Alert System Off CAL** = True (Default) 1.Set PM = RUN1.1.Set **Lane Change Alert System Off Indication On Signal** = Enable