i.e: System Power Mode Protected: System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Accessory 1. Set **System Power Mode Protected: System Power Mode Authenticated Signal** = Run. 1. Verify the Lane Keep Assist telltale is displayed with Green colour and without blinking.1381 TC_Cluster_Phone_170 Verify Incoming Call in Near plane when AM is playing 1. PowerMode = Propulsion2. Connect phone via Bluetooth in IVI.3. Navigate to Infotainment view in Cluster4. Navigate to source list in IPC (i.e., pressing the audio menu button on SWC)5. Select AM Option in the Source List 1. Initiate Incoming call to the phone connected via Bluetooth2. Observe the Near plane 2. Verify Call Icon and Caller Name is displayed in Infotainment Zone of Near plane display with timeout of 20 secs.1382 TC_Cluster_FF_Lane_Keep_Assist_Domestic_026 Verifying Lane Keep Assist telltale behavior when power mode changes from Off to Accessory. 1. Power Mode = Off2. Set **Lane Keep Assist Lane Marking Indication Left Signal** = Green3. Set **Lane Keep Assist Lane Marking Indication Right Signal** = Green 1. Set **System Power Mode Protected : System Power Mode Authenticated Signal** = Accessory 1. Verify Lane Keep Assist telltale should not be displayed.1383 TC_Generic_Chime_0039 Verify LDWC volume override for VR prompts in Propulsion mode with internal amp 1) System is on2) Set **LDW Volume Override CAL** = Enabled (use Calibration application)3) Amp is set to internal 1) From SWC, launch VR, issue commands and wait for reply2) Using vehicle spy, send signals:a) Set **Vehicle Mode Signal** = Propulsionb) Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Left Hand Side Chime Event State Signal** = Active then No Action to trigger chime 5653) Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Right Hand Side Chime Event State Signal** = Active then No Action to trigger chime 5704) Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Hands Off 1 Chime Event State Signal** = Active then No Action to trigger chime 5755) Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Hands Off 2 Chime Event State Signal** = Active then No Action to trigger chime 5806) Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Hands Off 3 Chime Event State Signal** = Active then No Action to trigger chime 586 1) Verify VR prompt is audible