2.Click on Vehicle list item3.Click on 'Autonomous Driving Auto Lane Change' list item4.Click on Home button in MFC . Screen should navigate to Home screen according to sketch files of the respective theme applied731 TC_Virtual_Controls_DEV_1321 Verify navigation from LKA screen to Lane Keep Assist screen when LKA is available and vehicle is in Propulsion mode. 1. Set **System Power Mode Authenticated Signal** = Propulsion.2. Set **Lane Keep Assist Virtual Control Available** = Available. 1. Click on LKA in Drive & Park/Drive LKA only screen.2. Observe navigation to Lane Keep Assist screen.Note: Send signal for LKA availability. Should navigate to Lane Keep Assist screen.Note: Vehicle exterior icon reflects type (SUV/sedan/truck/van) via **Vehicle Type CAL**.In R5, icon reflects exteriors for [Vehicle Model].732 TC_Cluster_Alert_536_OtherPMChange_OFF_ACC Verify "Lane Change Alert System Off" alert is not triggered when power mode is changed from OFF to ACC 1. Set **Lane Change Alert System Off CAL** = True (Default)2. Set Power Mode = OFF 1. Set **Lane Change Alert System Off Indication On Signal** = Enable2. Change Power Mode = ACC 2. Verify "Lane Change Alert System Off" alert is not activated.733 TC_MFC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0109 Verify Home button navigation in MFC Simulator during Lane Merge scenario 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Connected MFC5. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock 2 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Tap on "Settings" tab3. Click on "Automated Driving Style"4. Click on "Lane Merge"5.Click on Home Button. Screen should be navigated to the Home screen according to sketch files of the respective theme applied.734 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Monitor_Alert_2214_002 Verify Alert 2214 - Autonomous Driving Unavailable - End of Route Display with CAN signal configurations 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0(Autonomous Driving DISABLE) or 2(Autonomous Driving ACTIVE).