4. Delay 2 sec7. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = None 3. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Changing Lanes to Follow Route' is activated.5. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Changing Lanes to Follow Route' is deactivated.136 TC_Cluster_Alert_2410_OtherPMChange_RUN_OFF Verify deactivation of 'Lane Centering Assistance Can't See Lane Lines' alert when power mode changes from RUN to OFF 1. Set System Configuration : Lane Centering Assist Warnings = Enabled2. Set PM = RUN 1. Set Safety Warning Signal : Lane Centering Alert Request = LCA Can't See Lane Lines2. Change PM = OFF 2. Verify 'Lane centering unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines. or (For previous versions, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines.)' alert is deactivated when change PM to OFF.137 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0116 Verify that On and Off options are available in Settings - Usage of Carpool Lanes 1. IVI is in RUN mode.2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. Using Mock FSA, preferenceType - availableValues- selectedValue are enabled in getPreferenceList() as following:Carpool_Lane_Settings[11] - Enable[1], Disable[0] - Enable[1](Default)5. Using Mock FSA, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": true (value is 1) with delay 200ms. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Usage of Carpool Lanes.4. Verify that there are On and Off options available.5. Verify that On is selected by default. 4. On and Off options are available in Settings - Usage of Carpool Lanes.5. Default selection is On.138 TC_HUD_Navigation_Dev_02 Verify cluster and HUD display lane guidance for 8+ lanes with right maneuver System is onOpen NavPlugin Sample app 1. Tap 4 corners of HMI > NavPlugin Sample > Register Sample Service > Start Nav > Start TurnCards > Turn ON Lane Guidance Data, select "Twelve-lane right" or select a route from generic test app with 8+ lanes.2. Click Stop Nav. Observe the cluster area and HUD. 1. Cluster and HUD show Lane Guidance Data with 9 lanes to the bottom of cluster gauge view.