2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. the raw CAN message or Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal = Autonomous Driving & Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Bothii. the raw CAN message or Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal = Service Driver Assist System4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Service Driver Assist System" is shown. 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Service Driver Assist System" is shown.843 TC_MFC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0062 Verify the Next button in MFC in Lane Change Frequency for Autonomous Driving 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. MFC is connected5. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock 2 1. Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2. Tap on "Settings" tab3. Click on "Automated Driving Style"->Custom4. Click on "Lane Change Frequency"5. Click on Next Button. Cursor should be navigated to the Next option according to sketch files of the respective theme applied.844 TC_Cluster_Alert_455_OtherPMChange Verify "Driver Assistance System Unavailable" alert when change power mode 1. Set **Driver Assistance Unavailable CAL** = True (Default) 1.1. Set PM = RUN1.1. Set **Driver Assistance Unavailable Indication On Signal** = Enable1.2. Change PM = PROPULSION2.1. Change PM = OFF3.1. Change PM = RUN 1.2. Verify "Driver Assistance Unavailable" alert remain activated when change PM to PROPULSION. And deactivated in 10 seconds.2.1. Verify "Driver Assistance Unavailable" alert is deactivated when change PM to OFF.3.1. Verify "Driver Assistance Unavailable" alert is activated when change PM to RUN. And deactivated in 10 seconds.845 TC_MFC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0110 Verify the Next button in MFC Simulator in Lane Merge under Autonomous Driving settings 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Connected MFC5. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock Environment 1. Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray