3.1. Change PM = RUN 1.2. Verify "Lane Departure Warning Unavailable" alert remains activated when change PM to PROPULSION. And deactivated in 10 seconds.2.1. Verify "Lane Departure Warning Unavailable" alert is deactivated when change PM to OFF.3.1. Verify "Lane Departure Warning Unavailable" alert is activated when change PM to RUN. And deactivated in 10 seconds.790 TC_FCC_Controls_Dev_91 Verify Lane Centering Assistance is Off in Drive screen under Run mode 1. System Power Mode Protected: System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Run 1. Tap on Off option.2. Observe signal is sent successfully.3. Send signal = Off4. Verify Lane Centering Assistance is Off in Drive screen Signal should be sent successfully and Lane Centering Assistance should be in Off state.791 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_1169 Verify all the elements of "Automated Driving Style - Lane Change Style" screen are displayed without Chopping/Overlapping. 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock FSA 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Click on Settings3. Click on the "Automated Driving Style" screen.4.Click on ' Custom' under "Automated Driving Style"text5.Click on "Lane Change Style" All the feature names, Primary and guide text should display according to "Automated Driving Style - Lane Change Style" screen and text elements of the screen should not be Chopped/Overlapped.792 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Monitor_Alert_2217_003 To verify that Alert 2217 - Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Ride Height Out Of Range is removed from Monitor Tile with CAN signal **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = Super || **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Center Stack Display || **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal** = Vehicle in Snow Mode 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA UC_State is NOT 0(UC_DISABLE) or 2(UC_ACTIVE).5. Current Monitor Tile is showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Ride Height Out Of Range. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.