447 TC_Cluster_Alert_2406_OtherPMChange_OFF_RUN Verify "Lane Centering Assistance Standby" alert when change power mode from OFF to RUN 1. Set **Hands-on Lane Centering Assist or Autonomous Driving Warnings CAL** = True2. Set PM = OFF 1. Set **Active Safety Operator Critical Notifications Protected : Hands On Lane Centering Assist Warning Indication Request Signal** = LCA Standby2. Change PM = RUN 2. Verify "Hands-on centering on but not active or (For System Version X and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance is on standby)" alert is activated when change PM to RUN. And deactivated in 3 seconds.448 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0295 To verify that Alert 2120 - Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Unable to See Face Clearly is removed from Monitor Tile when CAN signal ADAS Trim Level Indication = Autonomous Driving and ADAS Message Display Location Non Active Indication = Center Stack Display 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0(Autonomous Driving Disable) or 2(Autonomous Driving Active).5. Current Monitor Tile is showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Unable to See Face Clearly. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. the raw CAN message or Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Center Stack Displayii. the raw CAN message or Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal = Due to Weather4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Unable to See Face Clearly" is not shown.5. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Poor Weather Conditions" is shown. 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Unable to See Face Clearly" should be removed and not shown in Monitor Tile.5. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Poor Weather Conditions" should show in Monitor Tile.449 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_1129 Verify the Availability of all the elements of "Automated Driving Style - Custom - Lane Change Style Unavailable" screen 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office