2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Auto Lane Change for Time.4. Press on On.5. Verify that On is selected and Off is not selected.6. Press Back to return to Settings list.7. Verify that toggle switch for Auto Lane Change for Time is set to On position. 5. On is selected and Off is not selected.7. Toggle switch for Auto Lane Change for Time is set to On position.142 TC_ARHUD_Navigation_0062 Verify destination and circle icons in AR HUD far plane 2D design 1. PM = Propulsion2. ARHUD is connected 1. Go to maps and select destination2. Terminate and observe AR HUD far plane Destination icon and circle icon for new AR HUD far plane 2D design143 TC_Cluster_Alert_2391_Basic_RUN8 Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change for Route' alert when PM = 'RUN' 1. Set **Autonomous Driving Unavailable Warnings CAL** = True2. Set PM = RUN 1. Set **Lane Centering Warning 2 Indication Request Signal** = Changing Lanes for Route2. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = Autonomous Driving3. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Both4. Delay 2 sec5. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Center Stack Display 3. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Changing Lanes to Follow Route' is activated.5. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Changing Lanes to Follow Route' is deactivated.144 TC_Cluster_Alert_2410_Basic_ACC Verify "Lane Centering Assistance Can't See Lane Lines" alert when PM = "ACC" 1. Set **Hands on Lane Centering Assist or Autonomous Driving Warnings CAL** = True2. Set PM = ACC 1. Set **Lane Centering Warning 2 Signal** = Switch Gear to Drive2. Delay 2 sec3. Set **Lane Centering Warning 2 Signal** = No Indication 1. Verify "Lane centering unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines. or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines.)" is deactivated.1.1 = False3. Verify "Lane centering unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines. or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines.)" is deactivated.