2. Tap on "Settings" Icon3. Click on "Auto Lane Change for Time" list item4. Click on any radio button in the inner feature All feature names, radio buttons, primary/side text, and snack bar in "Auto Lane Change for Time Unavailable" screen should be displayed without chopping/overlapping.769 TC_FCC_Controls_Dev_107 Verify the Lane Assistance current state is Off in Drive screen in the FCC screen. (1.3H) 1. System Power Mode Protected : System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Run 1. Tap on Off.2. Observe request signal is sent successfully.3. Set Lane Detection Warning and Control Feature State Signal = OFF4. Check the current state of Lane Assistance is Off in Drive screen Should be able to view request signal is sent successfully and Lane Assistance with Off as selected state in Drive screen.770 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Monitor_Alert_2216_001 To verify that Alert 2216 - Autonomous Driving - Toll Booth Approaching can be shown in Monitor Tile with CAN signal Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication = Center Stack Display & Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request = Toll Booth Approaching 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0(Disable) or 2(Active).5. Current Monitor Tile is not showing Autonomous Driving - Toll Booth Approaching. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. the raw CAN message or Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Center Stack Displayii. the raw CAN message or Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal = Toll Booth Approaching4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving" with text "Toll Booth Approaching" is shown.Note: Or using Vehicle Simulator, send signals:Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Center Stack DisplayLane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal = Toll Booth Approaching 4. "Autonomous Driving" with text "Toll Booth Approaching" is shown.771 TC_FCC_Controls_Dev_18 Verify the Lane Assistance current state is Off in Drive screen in the RCC screen. (1.3H) 1. Set **System Power Mode Protected : System Power Mode Authenticated Signal** = Run 1. Check the icon & secondary text "When on, your Traction and Electronic Stability Control (ESC) systems work to prevent slipping during normal driving conditions. Turn off to increase traction in sand, mud, snow, or ice." in Traction Control screen. Should be able to view icon & secondary text as "When on, your Traction and Electronic Stability Control (ESC) systems work to prevent slipping during normal driving conditions. Turn off to increase traction in sand, mud, snow, or ice." in the Traction control screen.