2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0(Autonomous Driving DISABLE) or 2(Autonomous Driving ACTIVE).5. Current Monitor Tile is not showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Teen Driver Active. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. the raw CAN message or Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal = Autonomous Driving & Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Center Stack Displayii. the raw CAN message or Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal = Teen Driver Active4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Teen Driver Active" is shown.Note: Or using Vehicle Simulator ,send signals:Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal ： ADASTrmLvlInd = 1 = Autonomous DrivingAdvanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal ： ADASMsgDispLocNonActvIndLane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal ：ASDRP_LnCntrWrnExtdIndReqAuth 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Teen Driver Active" is shown.716 TC_Virtual_Controls_DEV_1315 Verify availability of HOLCA checkbox in Lane Assistance with HOLCA screen. 1. PM = PropulsionSPMP_SysPwrModeAuth = 4 1. Check HOLCA with checkbox is available in Lane Assitance with HOLCA screen.Note: Send signal to show Lane Assistance, then click it in Drive & Park/Drive(depending on vehicle type) screen Should be able to view HOLCA with checkbox is available in Lane Assitance with HOLCA screen.717 TC_FCC_Controls_Dev_45 Verify On Tap Lane Assistance navigates to Lane Assistance with HOLCA screen in the FCC screen. 1. System Power Mode Protected : System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Run 1. Click on Lane Assistance in Drive screen.2. Observe the screen is navigated from Drive to Lane Assistance with HOLCA. Should be able to navigate and view Lane Assistance with HOLCA screen.718 TC_Cluster_Alert_536_OtherDefault Verify "Lane Change Alert System Off" alert display by default. 1. Set **Lane Change Alert System Off Enable CAL** = True (Default)2. Set **Propulsion Display Engine Power Signal** = Propulsion 1.Observe the display. 1. Verify "Lane Change Alert System Off" alert is not displayed by default.