3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0 (Autonomous Driving Disable) or 2 (Autonomous Driving Active).5. Current Monitor Tile is showing Service Driver Assist System. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using CAN tool, send the following CAN messages:i. the raw CAN message or **Driver Assist Trim Level Signal** = Autonomous Driving & **Message Display Location Non Active Signal** = Center Stack Displayii. the raw CAN message or **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Signal** = Tight Curve4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Service Driver Assist System" is NOT shown.5. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Tight Curve" is shown.Note: Or using vehicle simulator, send signals:**Driver Assist Trim Level Signal**： ADASTrmLvlInd = 1 = Autonomous Driving**Message Display Location Non Active Signal**： ADASMsgDispLocNonActvInd**Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Signal**：ASDRP_LnCntrWrnExtdIndReqAuth 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Service Driver Assist System" is NOT shown.5."Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Tight Curve" is shown.858 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_1176 Verify the position and alignment of the text in "Autonomous Driving Style - Open Lane Acceleration" screen Possible Actions: NAScreen Transition: NASelected Source: Autonomous Driving Settings - Automated Driving Style - Open Lane Acceleration InfoTarget Screen: NATarget Screen Always: NA1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock FSA 1. Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2. Click on Settings3. Click on the "Automated Driving Style"4. Click on 'Custom' option in "Automated Driving Style" screen5. Click on "Open Lane Acceleration" The Position and Alignment of the text should be according to "Autonomous Driving Style - Open Lane Acceleration" screen and should be displayed according to sketch files of respective theme applied.859 TC_Cluster_Alert_455_Interaction2_Immediate Verify "Lane Keeping Assist System Unavailable" alert when interacting with Immediate priority alert (Alert #457) 1. Set **Lane Keeping Assist System Unavailable CAL** = True (Default)