122 TC_Audio_framework_Dev_1059 Verify audio attenuation during lane detection chimes 1. System is ON.2. Audio Configuration is properly set (C2 or C4).3. Audio Test Application is available4. Vehicle Simulator is ready and the Ignition is set to RUN. 1. Launch Audio Test Application -> Navigate to Source control2. Create a Media Player1 -> Under Audio Players, from the Default drop down -> select USAGE_MEDIA and Create a Player and Click Play3. Create a Media Player2 -> Under Audio Players, from the Default drop down -> select **Audio Bus 11 Alt Output CAL** and Create a Player, Toggle off the GAIN and Play4. Trigger **Lane Detection Warning and Control Left Hand Side Chime Event State Signal** = Active using Vehicle Simulator. - Launch Vehicle Simulator -> Tools -> Send -> Signal-> Search for "LDWCtrlLtHndSdChmEvntStat", Select 1= Active, and Send.5. Observe the audio playing from Step 1 & 2 while Safety Chime is being played.6. Stop sending Chime signal by select **Cancel Chime** from Value drop down and Send.7. Trigger **Lane Detection Warning and Control Right Hand Side Chime Event State Signal** = Active using Vehicle Simulator. - Launch Vehicle Simulator -> Tools -> Send -> Signal-> Search for "LDWCtrlRtHndSdChmEvntStat", Select 1= Active, and Send.8. Observe the audio playing from Step 1 & 2 while Safety Chime is being played.9. Stop sending Chime signal by select **Cancel Chime** from Value drop down and Send.10. Trigger **Lane Detection Warning and Control Hands Off 1 Chime Event State Signal** = Active using Vehicle Simulator. - Launch Vehicle Simulator -> Tools -> Send -> Signal-> Search for "LDWCtrlHndOff1ChmEvntStat", Select 1= Active, and Send.11. Observe the audio playing from Step 1 & 2 while Safety Chime is being played.12. Stop sending Chime signal by select **Cancel Chime** from Value drop down and Send.13. Trigger **Lane Detection Warning and Control Hands Off 2 Chime Event State Signal** = Active using Vehicle Simulator. - Launch Vehicle Simulator -> Tools -> Send -> Signal-> Search for "LDWCtrlHndOff2ChmEvntStat", Select 1= Active, and Send.