2.1. Change PM = OFF3.1. Change PM = RUN 1.2. Verify "Lane centering unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines. or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines.)" alert remain activated when change PM to PROPULSION. And deactivated in 3 seconds.2.1. Verify "Lane centering unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines. or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines.)" alert is deactivated when change PM to OFF.3.1. Verify "Lane centering unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines. or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines.)" alert is activated when change PM to RUN. And deactivated in 3 seconds.125 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0126 Verify Carpool Lane Usage Preference Change to Off with Confirmation 1. IVI is in RUN mode.2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. Using Mock FSA, preferenceType - availableValues- selectedValue are enabled in getPreferenceList() as following:CARPOOL_LANE_SETTINGS[11] - Enable[1], Disable[0] - Enable[1]5. Usage of Carpool Lanes - On/Off Toggle switch is in On position.6. On is shown as selected Usage of Carpool Lanes option.7. Using Mock FSA, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": true (value is 1) with delay 200ms.8. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Cluster Display.9. Set **Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Control Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Indication Off. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Usage of Carpool Lanes.4. Press on Off.5. Verify that Off is selected and On is not selected.6. Press Back to return to Settings list.7. Verify that toggle switch for Usage of Carpool Lanes is set to Off position. 5. Off is selected and On is not selected.7. Toggle switch for Usage of Carpool Lanes is set to Off position.