2. Set **Power Mode Signal** = Propulsion. 1. Set **Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Toll Booth Ahead.2. Set **ADAS ECU Signal** = 0 within 2 sec of 'Auto Lane Change Cancelled' active3. Set **Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = No Indication.4. Set **Brake Pad Warning Signal** = 0 1. Verify 'Auto Lane Change Cancelled' alert is activated.2. Verify alert 'Auto Lane Change Cancelled' active for 12 sec, then 'Service Brakes Worn' active for 12 sec, after that the 2 alerts begin cycle active, the cycle time is 12 sec.4. Verify no alert active.2296 TC_Projection_Lane_0013 Wireless Infotainment Lane Guidance Display Validation Wireless Infotainment is connected 1. Drive the Vehicle to the target location where the Lane Guidance is supposed to show.2. Check if Lane Guidance showed as expected Infotainment Lane Guidance is displayed correctly on the cluster2297 TC_Module_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0061 Verify nudging the knob towards right in System in Lane Change Frequency for Autonomous Driving 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. System is connected5. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Testing Environment 1. Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2. Tap on "Settings"3. Click on "Automated Driving Style"4. Click on "Lane Change Frequency"5. Click on Front Arrow Button. No actions when clicking on Front Arrow Button2298 TC_Projection_Lane_0015 Verify Wireless Infotainment System Lane Guidance displays correct lane count and directions Wireless Infotainment System is connected 1. Drive the Vehicle to the target location where the Lane Guidance is supposed to show.2. Check the Lane Guidance Maneuver that contains the correct number of lanes3. Check the Lane Guidance shows correct directions for each lane Lane Guidance Maneuver that contains the correct number of lanesLane Guidance shows correct directions for each lane2299 TC_MFC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0038 Verify no action when clicking front arrow button in MFC for Open Lane Acceleration under Autonomous Driving 1. IVI is in RUN mode