2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA AD_State is NOT 0(AD_DISABLE) or 2(AD_ACTIVE).5. Current Monitor Tile is not showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN signals:i. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = Autonomous Drivingii. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Bothiii. Set **Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Control Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Unavailable4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" is shown. 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" is shown.947 TC_FCC_VC_LKA_001 Verify Lane Keep Assist control via new signal 1. System is on.2. Control Modules are connected.3. Power Mode = RUN. 1. Set **Lane Keep Assist Virtual Control Available Signal** = Available2. Set **Lane Keep Assist Indication On Signal** = On3. Click off button4. Send signal **Lane Keep Assist Indication On Signal** = Off5. Click On button 1. Should be able to view the current state of Lane Keep Assist is set to ON in the Drive Screen as per the sketch and spec.2. Should get Rx signal **Lane Keep Assist Selected Virtual Control Request Signal** = Off3. Should be able to view the current state of Lane Keep Assist is set to OFF4. Should get Rx signal **Lane Keep Assist Selected Virtual Control Request Signal** = On948 TC_Cluster_Alert_2355_OtherDefault Verify "Autonomous Driving alert" display by default. 1. Set Navigation Route Warnings Enable CAL = True2. Set PM = PROPULSION 1.Observe the display. 1. Verify "Take Control alert" is not displayed by default.949 TC_VC_Lane_Assistance_LKA_BZSA_LDW_STANDBY_BZSANotAllow_LCA_True_On_Snackbar_NoIVI Verify Blind Zone Steering Assist snackbar (Lane Assistance with BZSA) when Lane Detection Warning and Control Feature State = STANDBY, Lane Change Alert Customization Current Setting Value = ON, and BZSA is Not Allowed in NoIVI system state. 1. PM = Propulsion2. Send Command `Set NO IVI system state`.