4. Change PM = OFF 4. Verify "Autonomous Driving Lane Change Lane Change Timed Out to Left" alert is deactivated when change PM to OFF.286 TC_Cluster_Alert_2409_OtherPMChange_OFF_RUN Verify "Lane Centering Assistance Disengaging Take Vehicle Control" alert when changing power mode from OFF to RUN 1. Set **Hands on Lane Centering Assist or Autonomous Driving Warnings Enable** = True2. Set PM = OFF 1. Set **Hands On Lane Centering Assist Warning Indication Request Signal** = LCA Disengaging Take Vehicle Control2. Change PM = RUN 2. Verify "Take control. Lane centering off." or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to **Lane Centering Assistance Disengaging. Take control of vehicle.**)" alert is activated when changing PM to RUN.287 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Settings_116 Verify that Selected Value is Off in Preference List after confirmation with value 1 is received in Preference Change Response when changing Auto Lane Change for Time from On to Off 1. IVI is in RUN mode.2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. Using Mock FSA, preferenceType - availableValues- selectedValue are enabled in getPreferenceList() as following:AUTO_LANE_CHANGE_FOR_FASTER_ROUTE - On, Off – On5. On is shown as selected Auto Lane Change for Time option.6. Using Mock FSA, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": true (value is 1) with delay 200ms. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Auto Lane Change for Time.4. Press on Off.5. Verify that Off is selected and On is not selected.6. Using log from Mock FSA, verify if selectedValue for AUTO_LANE_CHANGE_FOR_FASTER_ROUTE is Off. 5. Off is selected and On is not selected.6. SelectedValue for AUTO_LANE_CHANGE_FOR_FASTER_ROUTE is Off.288 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0216 To verify that Alert 2110 and 2177 Autonomous Driving Limited - Lane Changes Intersections Unavailable due to Camera Failed can be shown in Monitor Tile when 2177 is received with ADAS Message Display Location Limited Performance Reason Indication = 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.