2. Change PM = ACC 2. Verify "Lane Change Alert Limited by Trailer" alert is not activated.676 TC_MFC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0060 Verify the Enter button in In-Car Display in Lane Change Frequency 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. In-Car Display is connected5.Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Test Environment 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Tap on "Settings " tab3. Click on " Automated Driving Style"->Custom4. Click on "Lane Change Frequency"5.Click on Enter Button. Selected list item should be highlighted and should navigate in to feature. Screen should display according to sketch files of the respective theme applied.677 TC_Virtual_Controls_DEV_1306 Verify [On Tap] Hands-On Lane Centering Assist (HOLCA) with checkbox is unchecked and Blind Zone Steering Assist (BZSA) is in checked state in Lane Assistance with BZSA & HOLCA screen. 1. PM = PropulsionSPMP_SysPwrModeAuth = 4 Send below signals to show Lane Assistance with BZSA & HOLCA, then click on Lane Assistance in Drive screen. _x000D_1. Set **Lane Keep Assist Virtual Control Available Signal** = Available, **Lane Detection Warning and Control Feature State Signal** = Ready to Assist_x000D_2. Set **Blind Zone Steering Assist Virtual Control Available Signal** = Available_x000D_3. Set **Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Available Signal** = Available_x000D_4. Set **Blind Zone Steering Assist Virtual Control Current Selection Value Signal** = Off_x000D_5. Set **Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Current Selection Value Signal** = Off Should be able to view HOLCA is in unchecked state and BZSA is in checked state.678 TC_Cluster_Alert_869_OtherPMChange_OFF_RUN Verify "Lane Change Alert Limited by Trailer" alert when change power mode from OFF to RUN 1. Set Lane Change Alert Trailer Enable CAL = True (Default)2. Set PM = OFF 1. Set Lane Change Alert Limited by Trailer Indication On Signal = Enable2. Change PM = RUN 2. Verify "Lane Change Alert Limited by Trailer" alert is activated when change PM to RUN. And deactivated in 10 seconds.