2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. Using Mock Preference Service, preferenceType - availableValues- selectedValue are enabled in getPreferenceList() as following:CARPOOL_LANE_SETTINGS[11] - Enable[1], Disable[0] - Disable[0]5. Off is shown as selected Usage of Carpool Lanes option.6. Using Mock Preference Service, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": false (value is 0) with delay 200ms. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Usage of Carpool Lanes.4. Press on On. Verify that On is selected.5. Verify that a snackbar is shown with text "Usage of Carpool Lanes settings unavailable".6. Verify that snackbar is dismissed automatically after 11s.7. Verify that Enable option is selected. 4. On is selected.5. Snackbar shown with text "Usage of Carpool Lanes settings unavailable".6. Snackbar is dismissed after 11s.7. On is not selected and Off is reverted to selected.2408 TC_Cluster_Alert_2017_Interaction4_High Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Unable Right' alert when interacting with high priority alert (Alert). 1. Set **Autonomous Driving Lane Change Warnings CAL** = Enable.2. Set PM = Propulsion. 1. Set **Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Toll Booth Ahead2. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = None3. Set **Brakes Overheated Indication On Signal** = TRUE within 2 sec of 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes' active4. Set **Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = No Indication5. Set **Brakes Overheated Indication On Signal** = FALSE 1. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes' alert is activated.2. Verify alert 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes' active for 12 sec, then 'Brakes overheated Do not drive Schedule service' active for 12 sec, after that the 2 alerts begin cycle active, the cycle time is 12 sec.3. Verify no alert active.2409 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0127 Verify that "Usage of Carpool Lanes settings unavailable" snackbar can be shown when Preference Change Response with confirmation value is 0 when changing from On to Off in Settings - Usage of Carpool Lanes 1. IVI is in RUN mode.