3. Lane Keep Assist Display CAL = Disabled 1. System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Propulsioni.e: SPMP_SysPwrModeAuth = 4 1.Verify "Lane Keep Assist telltale" pop-up is not activated.75 TC_Cluster_Alert_2265_OtherPMChange_OFF_RUN Verify "Keep Eyes on Road to Use Lane Centering Assistance" alert when changing power mode from OFF to RUN 1. Set Lane Centering Assist Warnings CAL = Enabled2. Set Power Mode = OFF 1. Set Active Safety Operator Critical Notifications Protected : Hands On Lane Centering Assist Warning Indication Request Signal = Driver Attention Alert2. Change Power Mode = RUN 2. Verify "Keep Eyes on Road to Use Lane Centering Assistance" alert is activated when changing Power Mode to RUN. And deactivated in 60 seconds.76 TC_Cluster_Alert_2391_OtherDefault Verify "Autonomous Driving Lane Change for Route" alert display by default. 1. Set **Autonomous Driving Lane Change for Route Warnings CAL** = Enable2. Set PM = RUN 1.Observe the display. 1. Verify "Autonomous Driving Changing Lanes to Follow Route" alert is not displayed by default.77 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Settings_108 Verify Disable is selected when On/Off switch is toggled to Off and Preference Change Response with confirmation value 1 is received in Settings - Auto Lane Change for Time 1. IVI is in RUN mode.2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. Using Mock FSA, preferenceType - availableValues- selectedValue are enabled in getPreferenceList() as following:AUTO_LANE_CHANGE_FOR_FASTER_ROUTE[10] - On[1], Off[0] – On[1]5. Auto Lane Change for Time - On/Off Toggle switch is in On position.6. On is shown as selected Auto Lane Change for Time option.7. Using Mock FSA, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": true (value is 1) with delay 200ms. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Toggle On/Off switch to Off position next to text "Auto Lane Change for Time".4. Verify that switch is in Off position.5. Press on Auto Lane Change for Time.6. Verify if the selected option changed from On to Off. 4. Switch position change from On to Off position.