2. Send command to set system to No IVI state.3. Click close button in NoIVI popup page. 1. Send below signalLane Detection Warning and Control Feature State Signal = STANDBY, Lane Keep Assist Virtual Control Available Signal = Available, Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Available Signal = Available, Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Current Selection Value Signal = On2. Select "See More Controls", check UI3. Select Back button4. Select "See More Controls", click "Drive & Park".5. Send below signalLane Detection Warning and Control Feature State Signal = OFF, Lane Keep Assist Virtual Control Available Signal = Not Available, Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Available Signal = Not Available, Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Current Selection Value Signal = Off6. click back button. 2. The title is "Controls & Safety"Category card Drive & Park is shown, same as sketchBack button is same as sketchNo "Exit" button is same as sketch3. Back to Controls home page.5. "Lane Assistance" category card is disappear.1531 TC_MFL_61292_GB_Chime_0032 To verify that RING (VOL_GROUP_RING) is muted when LDWC Chime events are active 1) Vehicle mode = Run2) BT phone is connected 1. Make a BT incoming call, let the ringtone continue2. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Left Hand Side Chime Event State Signal** = ACTIVE then NO_ACTION to trigger chime 5653. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Right Hand Side Chime Event State Signal** = ACTIVE then NO_ACTION to trigger chime 5704. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Hands Off 1 Chime Event State Signal** = ACTIVE then NO_ACTION to trigger chime 5755. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Hands Off 2 Chime Event State Signal** = ACTIVE then NO_ACTION to trigger chime 5806. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Hands Off 3 Chime Event State Signal** = ACTIVE then NO_ACTION to trigger chime 586 1. Verify that ringtone can be heard2. Verify that ringtone of BT call changes to mute on applying the signal and recovers back to normal3-6. Verify expected results as in expected results 2 for each Chime event1532 TC_Cluster_Driver_Assistance_049 Verifying Lane Centering telltale display in Driver Assist view. 1. Power Mode = Propulsion.1. Set Lane Centering Indicator for Autonomous Driving = Enabled