4. Click on Home Button in MFC simulator Screen should navigate to the Home screen according to sketch files of the respective theme applied.738 TC_Navigation_Dev_0021 Verify 11" Cluster displays Lane Guidance Data when Registered Sample Activity is triggered. 1. Use a 11 inch cluster.2. Set to view the Turn card activity by clicking SWC. 1. Turn ON the vehicle.2. Tap 4 corners of HMI > Navigation Plugin Sample > Register Sample Activity > Start Navigation > Start TurnCards > Turn ON Lane Guidance Data, select SIX_LANES. Observe cluster.3. Turn OFF Lane Guidance Data. Observe Cluster. 2. Cluster shows the Lane Guidance Data. Lane Guidance located the top most area of navigation.3. Lane Guidance disappears.739 TC_MFC_Autonomous_Driving_Generic_0075 Verify Home button navigation in MFC Simulator for Carpool Lanes feature 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Carpool Lanes' feature with 'On and Off' radio buttons in Mock 2 1. Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2. Tap on "Settings" tab using MFC simulator.3. Click on "Autonomous Driving Settings - Carpool Lanes" using MFC simulator.4. Click on Home Button in MFC simulator. Screen should be navigated to the Home screen according to sketch files of the respective theme applied.740 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Monitor_Alert_2214_001 Verify Autonomous Driving Unavailable - End of Route alert in Monitor Tile with ADAS Trim Level = Autonomous Driving & ADAS Message Display Location = Center Stack & Lane Centering Warning 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA SC_State is NOT 0(SC_DISABLE) or 2(SC_ACTIVE).5. Current Monitor Tile is not showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable - End of Route. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level CAL** = Autonomous Driving4. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Center Stack Display5. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = End of Route