2. Set PM = OFF 1. Set Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal = Trailer Overloaded2. Set Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal = None3. Change PM = ACC 3. Verify 'Auto Lane Change Changing Lanes' alert is not activated.1284 TC_Audio_framework_4207_0033 Verify LDWC volume override for MUSIC group 1) System is on2) **LDWC Volume Override CAL** = True (use a calibration tool)3) Amp is set to external4) Vehicle mode = Propulsion 1) Play USB music2) Using vehicle spy, send signals:a) **Lane Detection Warning and Control Chime Producer Request Signal** = Left Hand Side (565)b) **Lane Detection Warning and Control Audio Attenuation Requested Signal** = Enable3) Apply signal in step 2 with **Lane Detection Warning and Control Chime Producer Request Signal** = Right Front (570)4) Apply signal in step 2 with **Lane Detection Warning and Control Chime Producer Request Signal** = Right Rear (575)5) Apply signal in step 2 with **Lane Detection Warning and Control Chime Producer Request Signal** = Left Front (580)6) Apply signal in step 2 with **Lane Detection Warning and Control Chime Producer Request Signal** = Left Rear (586) 1) Verify that Music can be heard2) Verify that Music changes to almost mute on applying the signal and recovers back to normal after signal finishes3) Verify expected results as in expected results 2 for each Chime producer request (3,4,5 & 6) while Vehicle is in Run mode.1285 TC_HUD_049 Verify HUD Telltales Display With Speedometer In Imperial Units During Propulsion 1. PM = PROPULSION2. Set **Navigation System Speed Limit Posted Speed Signal** = 2553. Set **Adaptive and Conventional Cruise Control Indication Request Signal** = Adaptive Cruise Control Blue Telltale On4. Set **ACC Driver Selected Speed Signal** = 1005. Set **Forward Vehicle Ahead Indication Request Signal** = 2 or 3 or 4 or 56. Set **Vehicle Speed Average Driven Authenticated Signal** = 2207. Set **Lane Centering Control Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Red Indicator8. Units = Imperial 1. Set **Speed Sign Shape CAL** = Circular 1. **Circular Speed Limit Sign Telltale** of 158 is Displayed On Second Right Of Speedometer Gauge Having Maximum Value Of 140 & **Vehicle Ahead Green Telltale Flashing**, **Adaptive Cruise Blue Telltale** is Displayed On Left Of Speedometer with Value 65 and also **Lane Centering Blue Telltale** Is Displayed On First Right Of Speedometer.