2. Set Autonomous Driving System Trm Lvl Indication Signal = Autonomous Driving Available3. Set Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Cluster Display4. Delay 2 sec5. Set Lane Centering Warning 2 Indication Request Signal = Unable to Follow Route 3. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Changing Lanes to Follow Route' is activated.5. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Changing Lanes to Follow Route' is deactivated.120 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Settings_053 Verify that Normal is selected from Relaxed when Preference Change Response with confirmation value is 1 in Open Lane Deceleration 1. IVI is in RUN mode.2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. Using Mock FSA, preferenceType - availableValues- selectedValue are enabled in getPreferenceList() as following:i. AUTOMATED_DRIVING_STYLE[0] - Sporty[3], Normal[2], Relaxed[1], Custom[0] - Custom[0]ii. OPEN_LANE_DECELERATION[3]- Sporty[2], Normal[1], Relaxed[0] – Relaxed[0]5. Custom is shown as selected in Automated Driving Style.6. Relaxed is shown as selected in Open Lane Deceleration.7. Using Mock FSA, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": true (value is 1) with delay 200ms. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Automated Driving Style.4. Press on Custom.5. Press on Open Lane Deceleration.6. Press on Normal.7. Verify that Normal is selected and Relaxeder is not selected. 7. Normal is selected and Relaxed is not selected.121 TC_Cluster_Alert_2410_OtherCALDisable Verify "Lane Centering Assistance Can't See Lane Lines" alert when Hands on Lane Centering Assist and Autonomous Driving Warnings CAL is disabled 1. Set Hands on Lane Centering Assist and Autonomous Driving Warnings CAL = False2. Set PM = PROPULSION 1. Set Active Safety Operator Critical Notifications Protected : Hands On Lane Centering Assist Warning Signal = Switch Gear to Drive 1. Verify "Lane centering unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines. or (For Model X and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines.)" is not activated.