7. Send Lane Detection Warning and Control Feature State Signal = READY TO ASSIST8. Click on Controls icon > See More Control > Drive & Park9. Tap on Lane Keep Assist control Card.10. Tap the active LKA Persistent icon, wait some time11. Tap the active LKA Persistent icon, tap the Confirm button.12. Tap the active LKA Persistent icon, tap the Cancel button. 1 & 4 & 7. LKA icon is displayed in Home Persistent area, its status is active.2 & 5 & 8. Lane Keep Assist control card is displayed with Current selection state "On".3 & 6 & 9. Lane Keep Assist individual page is displayed with Current selection state "On".10. LKA Snackbar with Confirm and Cancel Buttons appears. It will disappear after 11 seconds.11. Lane Keep Assist Selected Virtual Control Request Signal = Off.12. The LKA snackbar is dismissed.Note: According to defect 2557197, for specific vehicle models, the LKA snack bar is applicable only to configuration of EU/ROW regions.654 TC_FCC_Controls_Dev_34 Verify BZSA checkbox state in Lane Assistance screen when system is in RUN mode. 1. PM = RUN i.e:Set **System Power Mode Auth CAL** = Run 1. Set **Blind Zone Steering Assist Virtual User Control Allowed Signal** = Allowed.2. Tap on Check box.3. Set **Blind Zone Steering Assist Virtual Control Request Signal** = On.4. Set **Blind Zone Steering Assist Virtual Control Current Selection Value Signal** = On.5. Check the BZSA checkbox is checked. Should be able to view request signal **Blind Zone Steering Assist Virtual Control Request Signal** = On and BZSA checkbox is in checked state.655 TC_Cluster_Alert_869_PM_ACC Verify "Lane Change Alert Limited by Trailer" alert 1. Set **Trailer Lane Change Alert CAL** = Enable (Default) 1.1. Set PM = OFF1.2. Set **Lane Change Alert Limited by Trailer Indication On Signal** = Enable1.3. Change PM = ACC2.1. Delay 2 sec2.2. Set **Lane Change Alert Limited by Trailer Indication On Signal** = Disable 1.3. Verify "Lane Change Alert Limited by Trailer" alert remain not activated.2.1. Verify "Lane Change Alert Limited by Trailer" is deactivated.2.2 Verify "Lane Change Alert Limited by Trailer" is deactivated.