2. Set **System Power Mode Authenticated Signal** = Propulsion 1. Check secondary text - "When on, the steering wheel may gently turn to help your vehicle stay in the current lane. To select additional features, Lane Assistance must be on." in Lane Assistance with Feature screen. Should be able to view secondary text - When on, the steering wheel may gently turn to help your vehicle stay in the current lane. To select additional features, Lane Assistance must be on. in Lane Assistance with Feature screen.2367 TC_Virtual_Controls_DEV_1317 Verify secondary text in Lane Assistance with HOLCA screen when signals are active 1. Power Mode Signal = Propulsion2. System Power Mode Protected: System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Propulsion 1. Validate secondary text in Lane Assistance with HOLCA screen.2. Send **Lane Keep Assist Virtual Control Available Signal** = Available.3. Send **Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Available Signal** = Available Secondary text "When on, the steering wheel may gently turn to help your vehicle stay in the current lane. To select additional features, Lane Assistance must be on." must be visible in Lane Assistance with HOLCA screen.2368 TC_Virtual_Controls_DEV_1308 Verify secondary text - "When on, the steering wheel may gently turn to help your vehicle stay in the current lane. To select additional features, Lane Assistance must be on." in Lane Assistance with HOLCA screen. (1.3.7b) 1. System Power Mode Protected : System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = PropulsionSystem Power Mode Protected : System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Propulsion 1. Send **Lane Keep Assist Virtual Control Available Signal** = Available, **Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Available Signal** = Available, Check secondary text - "When on, the steering wheel may gently turn to help your vehicle stay in the current lane. To select additional features, Lane Assistance must be on." in Lane Assistance with HMI screen. Should be able to view secondary text - When on, the steering wheel may gently turn to help your vehicle stay in the current lane. To select additional features, Lane Assistance must be on. in Lane Assistance with HMI screen.2369 TC_Cluster_Alert_2010_Interaction1_Medium Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Looking Left' alert when interacting with Medium priority alert (Alert#34). 1. Set **Lane Change Warnings CAL** = Autonomous Driving Lane Change Warnings Enabled.2. Set **Power Mode Signal** = Propulsion. 1. Set **Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Trailer Narrow Lane and **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Signal** = None.