12.Selected list item should be clickable, highlighted and should navigate in to feature14.Cursor focus should not switch the focus upwards andscreen should display16.Cursor should move to bottom faceplate App tray options18.Cursor should move forward to the right tab or list item20.Cursor should move backward to the left tab or list itemNotes: screen should display according to sketch files of the respective theme applied.442 TC_Cluster_Alert_2134_Basic_OFF Verify "Autonomous Driving Lane Change Unable Left" alert when PM = "OFF" 1. Set **Autonomous Lane Change Warnings CAL** = Enabled2. Set PM = OFF 1. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Unable Left2. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = Autonomous3. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Cluster Display4. Delay 2 sec5. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = No Indication 3. Verify "Autonomous Driving Unable to Change Lanes to Left" is deactivated.5. Verify "Autonomous Driving Unable to Change Lanes to Left" is deactivated.443 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0294 Verify Alert 2120 - Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Unable to See Face Clearly is shown in Monitor Tile with Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication = Autonomous Driving and Message Display Location Non Active Indication = Both 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving_State is NOT 0(Autonomous Driving_DISABLE) or 2(Autonomous Driving_ACTIVE).5. Current Monitor Tile is not showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Unable to See Face Clearly. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. the raw CAN message or **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = Autonomous Driving & **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Bothii. the raw CAN message or **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal** = Traction Control Event4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Unable to See Face Clearly" is shown. 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Unable to See Face Clearly" is shown.