4. Change PM = ACC 4. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Looking for Left Opening' alert is not activated.169 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Monitor_Alert_2023_003 To verify that Alert 2023 - Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Trailer Too Large is removed from Monitor Tile with CAN signal ADAS Trim Level Indication = Autonomous Driving || ADAS Message Display Location Non Active Indication = Center Stack Display || Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request = Trailer Braking 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous_Driving_State is NOT 0(Autonomous_Driving_DISABLE) or 2(Autonomous_Driving_ACTIVE).5. Current Monitor Tile is showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Trailer Too Large. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal = Autonomous Driving & Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Center Stack Displayii. Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal = Trailer Braking4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Trailer Too Large" is NOT shown.5. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Trailer Brakes Insufficient" is shown. 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Trailer Too Large" is NOT shown.5. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Trailer Brakes Insufficient" is shown.170 TC_Cluster_Alert_2307_OtherDefault Verify that the "Lane Centering Assistance Can't See Face" alert is not displayed by default when the Warning 2307 CAL is enabled and Power Mode is Propulsion. 1. Set **Warning 2307 CAL** = True2. Set PM = Propulsion 1. Observe the display. 1. Verify "Lane centering unavailable. Can't see face clearly. or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance Can't See Face Clearly)" alert is not displayed by default.171 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Settings_072 Verify that LANE_MERGE[15] – Normal[1] values are correctly reflected in Preference Change Request when switching from Relaxed to Normal in Lane Change Style 1. IVI is in RUN mode.