5.Click on Home Button. Screen should be navigated to the Home screen according to sketch files of the respective theme applied.744 TC_Cluster_Alert_536_OtherPMChange_RUN_PROPULSION Verify "Lane Change Alert System Off" alert when changing power mode from RUN to PROPULSION 1. Set **Lane Change Alert System Off CAL** = True (Default)2. Set PM = RUN 1. Set **Lane Change Alert System Off Indication On Signal** = Enable2. Change PM = PROPULSION 2. Verify "Lane Change Alert System Off" alert remains activated when changing PM to PROPULSION. And deactivated in 10 seconds.745 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Monitor_Alert_2214_003 Verify removal of "Autonomous Driving Unavailable - End of Route" from Monitor Tile when ADAS Trim Level = Autonomous Driving and Lane Centering Warning = End of Route Approaching. 1. IVI in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription active in Back Office.4. FSA AD_State ≠ 0 or 2.5. Current Monitor Tile shows "Autonomous Driving Unavailable - End of Route". 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press Monitor icon.3. Send CAN signals:i. the raw CAN message or **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = Autonomous Driving & **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Center Stack Display.ii. the raw CAN message or **Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = End of Route Approaching.4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "End of Route" is NOT shown.5. Verify "Autonomous Driving" with text "End of Route Approaching" is shown. 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "End of Route" is NOT shown.5. "Autonomous Driving" with text "End of Route Approaching" is shown.746 TC_HUD_Navigation_Dev_04 Verify 2x4 HUD navigation shows lane guidance, quick turn, and ETA information for Navigation System TBT in priority order 1. Turn ON the vehicle.2. Use calibration for 2x4 HUD 1. Tap 4 corners of HMI > Sample Plugin > Register Service > Start Navigation > Start TurnCards > Turn ON Arrival time (ETA). Observe HUD and Cluster.