iii. LANE_CHANGE_FREQUENCY[2]- Often[2], Sometimes[1], Rarely[0] – Sometimes[1]iv. OPEN_LANE_DECELERATION[3]- Sporty[2], Normal[1], Relaxed[0] – Normal[1]v. OPEN_LANE_ACCELERATION[4]- Sporty[2], Normal[1], Relaxed[0] – Normal[1]vi. SPEED_THROUGH_TURN[5]- Sporty[2], Normal[1], Relaxed[0] – Normal[1]5. Custom is shown as selected in Automated Driving Style.6. Sometimes is shown as selected in Lane Change Frequency.7. Using Mock FSA, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": false (value is 0) with delay 200ms.Note:Lane Merge is now renamed to Lane Change Style.For Mock FSA, there is still Lane Merge. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Automated Driving Style.4. Press on Custom.5. Press on Lane Change Frequency.6. Press on Rarely. Verify that Rarely is selected.7. Verify that a snackbar is shown with text "Lane Change Frequency settings unavailable".8. Verify that snackbar is dismissed automatically after 11s.9. Verify that Rarely option is selected. 6. Rarely is selected.7. Snackbar shown with text "Lane Change Frequency settings unavailable".8. Snackbar is dismissed after 11s.9. Rarely is not selected and Sometimes is reverted to selected.764 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0090 Verify all the elements of 'Open Lane Deceleration Unavailable' simple dialogue should be displayed without Chopping/Overlapping. 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Using Mock FSA, preferenceType - availableValues- selectedValue are enabled in getPreferenceList() as following:i. AUTOMATED_DRIVING_STYLE[0] - Faster[3], Mid[2], Slower[1], Custom[0] - Mid[2] (Default)ii. LANE_CHANGE_SPACING[1] - Further[2], Mid[1], Closer[0] - Mid[1] (Default)iii. LANE_CHANGE_FREQUENCY[2]- More[2], Mid[1], Less[0] - Mid[1] (Default)