3. Press on Carpool Lanes.4. Press on Off. 4.Checkpoint1: Switch changes position to Off.Checkpoint2: Snackbar shown with text "Usage of Carpool Lanes settings unavailable" and Snackbar is dismissed after 11s.Checkpoint3: Toggle switch reverted back to On position.611 TC_AutonomousDriving_Auto_Lane_Change_For_Time_006 Verify the color, shape, size and position of the buttons in 'Auto Lane Change for Time' screen 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Auto Lane Change' feature with 'On and Off' radio buttons in Mock FSA 1. Tap on Autonomous Driving settings application from Home screen of App tray.2. Click on Settings3. Click on Auto Lane Change for Time Color, shape, size and position of the buttons in 'Auto Lane Change for Time' screen should display according to sketch files of respective theme applied.612 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0344 Verify Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Trailer Too Unstable alert display with specific CAN signals 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0(Disable) or 2(Active).5. Current Monitor Tile is not showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Trailer Too Unstable. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. the raw CAN message or Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Center Stack Display & ADAS Trim Level Indication = Autonomous Drivingii. the raw CAN message or Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal = Trailer Stability4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Trailer Too Unstable" is shown.Note: Or using Vehicle Simulator, send signal:ADASTrmLvlInd = Autonomous DrivingADASMsgDispLocNonActvIndASDRP_LnCntrWrnExtdIndReqAuth 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Trailer Too Unstable" is shown.613 TC_Cluster_Alert_2136_OtherPMChange_OFF_RUN Verify 'Autonomous Driving Unavailable Lane Too Narrow' alert when changing power mode from OFF to RUN 1. Set **Autonomous Driving Unavailable Warnings CAL** = 1