101 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_1172 Verify that Lane Change Style Info page is shown after tapping on "Lane Change Style Info" text 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Autonomous Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock FSA 1. Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2. Click on Settings3. Click on the "Autonomous Driving Style" screen.4. Click on ' Custom' under "Autonomous Driving Style" text5. Click on "Lane Change Style" 5. Lane Change Style Info page is shown with following content without presets:Lane Change StyleRelaxed, Normal and Sporty optionsChoose how your vehicle changes lanes when Autonomous Driving is active. Relaxed is gradual and allows for more space. Sporty changes lanes sooner.102 TC_Virtual_Controls_DEV_1290 Verify "Lane Assistance Unavailable" snackbar is popped up when lane keep assist is unavailable. 1. System Power Mode Authenticated = Propulsion2. System Power Mode Authenticated CAL = Propulsion 1. Set **Lateral Assist Status Indication Request Signal** = 12. Observe "**Lane Assistance Unavailable**" snackbar popup on the screen. Should be able to view Off & On options in Lane Assistance with XXXX screen and by default On should be in selected state.103 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0145 Verify Lane Merge Info page is shown after tapping "Lane Merge Info" text 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in System4. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock Environment 1. Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2. Click on Settings3. Click on the "Automated Driving Style" screen.4. Click on Custom under "Automated Driving Style" text5. Click on "Lane Merge" 1. Lane Merge Info page is shown with following content without presets:Lane MergeWide, Normal and NarrowChoose the size of gaps your vehicle maintains between it and other vehicles while performing lane change maneuvers when Autonomous Driving is active104 TC_Cluster_Alert_2391_Basic_ACC Verify "Autonomous Driving Lane Change for Route" alert when PM = "ACC" 1. Set **Autonomous Driving Unavailability More 24x Warnings Enable** = True