2. Set PM = RUN 1. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Unable Left2. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = Autonomous Driving3. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Display Unit4. Change PM = PROPULSION 4. Verify "Autonomous Driving Unable to Change Lanes to Left" alert remains activated when changing PM to PROPULSION433 TC_AutonomousDriving_Auto_Lane_Change_For_Time_007 Verify UI elements for Auto Lane Change settings screen. 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Auto Lane Change' feature with 'On and Off' radio buttons in Mock [System] 1. Tap on Autonomous Driving settings application from Home screen of App tray.2. Click on Settings3. Click on Auto Lane Change for Time All the elements in the screen such as "header title, radio buttons and side text and back button should be displayed in the header and should be displayed according to sketch files of respective theme applied."434 TC_Cluster_Alert_2406_OtherDefault Verify 'Lane Centering Assistance Standby' alert display by default. 1. Set Hands-on Lane Centering Assist Warnings CAL = Autonomous Driving2. Set PM = PROPULSION 1. Observe the display. 1. Verify 'Hands-on centering on but not active or (For Model X and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance is on standby)' alert is not displayed by default.435 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_1121 Verify the Availability of all the elements of 'Auto Lane Change for Time Unavailable' screen Possible Actions: NAScreen Transition: NASelected Source: Auto Lane Change for TimeTarget Screen: NATarget Screen Always: NA1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Auto Lane Change for Time' feature with 'High and Low' radio buttons in Mock System 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Tap on "Settings " Icon3. Click on "Auto Lane Change for Time" list item4.Click on any radio button in the inner feature All the elements in the screen such as "header title,radio buttons with respective side text and back button should be displayed.