CARPOOL_LANE_SETTINGS[11] - Enable[1], Disable[0] - Enable[1]5. Usage of Carpool Lanes - On/Off Toggle switch is in On position.6. On is shown as selected Usage of Carpool Lanes option.7. Using Mock FSA, in getPreferenceChange(), set "confirmation": true (value is 1) with delay 200ms. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Toggle On/Off switch to Off position next to text "Usage of Carpool Lanes".4. Verify that switch is in Off position.5. Press on Usage of Carpool Lanes.6. Verify if the selected option changed from On to Off. 4. Switch position change from On to Off position.6. Off is selected and On is not selected.154 TC_Cluster_Alert_2410_Basic_RUN Verify "Lane Centering Assistance Can't See Lane Lines" alert when PM = "RUN" 1. Set **Hands-on Lane Centering Assist Warnings CAL** (IVI) = True2. Set PM = RUN 1. Set **Lane Centering Warning 2 Indication Request Signal** = Switch Gear to Drive2. Delay 2 sec3. Set **Lane Centering Warning 2 Indication Request Signal** = No Indication 1. Verify "Lane centering unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines. or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines.)" is activated.3. Verify "Lane centering unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines. or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance unavailable. Sensors can't see lane lines.)" is deactivated.155 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Monitor_Alert_2022_001 To verify that Alert 2022 - Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Lane Too Narrow can be shown in Monitor Tile with CAN signal ADAS Trim Level Indication = Autonomous Driving & ADAS Message Display Location Non Active Indication = Center Stack Display & Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request = Lane Too Narrow 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Subscription Management.4. System Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0(Autonomous Driving Disabled) or 2(Autonomous Driving Active).