5. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Teen Driver Active" is shown.706 TC_FCC_Controls_Dev_89 Verify [On Tap] Lane Assistance navigates to Lane Assistance with BZSA & HOLCA screen in FCC. 1. System Power Mode = Runi.e: Set **System Power Mode Authenticated Signal** = Run 1. Check the icon & secondary text - "When on, after a complete stop you don't have to hold your foot on the brake to remain stationary. Your brake lights will be on when your foot is off the brake. Does not apply in reverse." to the right center of the Auto Vehicle screen. Should be able to view icon & secondary text - "When on, after a complete stop you don't have to hold your foot on the brake to remain stationary. Your brake lights will be on when your foot is off the brake. Does not apply in reverse." to the right center of the Auto Vehicle screen.707 TC_FCC_Controls_Dev_93 Verify [On Tap] Lane Assistance navigates to Lane Assistance with BZSA screen in the FCC screen.. (1.3.7H) 1. System Power Mode = Run i.e: System Power Mode Protected: System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Run 1. Click on Lane Assistance in Drive screen. 2. Observe the screen is navigated from Drive to Lane Assistance with BZSA. Should be able to navigate and view Lane Assistance with BZSA screen.708 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_1179 Verify the font style of the text in 'Autonomous Driving Style - Open Lane deceleration - Info' screen. Possible Actions: NAScreen Transition: NASelected Source: Autonomous Driving Settings - Automated Driving Style - Open Lane deceleration - InfoTarget Screen: NATarget Screen Always: NA1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock FSA 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Click on Settings3. Click on the "Automated Driving Style" screen.4.Click on 'Custom' option under "Automated Driving Style" text5. Click on "Open Lane Decelaration" Font style of the text should be according to "Automated Driving Style - Open Lane deceleration - Info" screen.709 TC_Cluster_Alert_536_PM_ACC Verify Lane Change Alert System Off alert deactivation when PM is set to ACC and signal is toggled 1. Set Lane Change Alert System Off CAL = True (Default) 1.1. Set PM = OFF