6. Click on BZSA Checkbox and click on any screen area outside the dialog7. Click on Lane Centering Assistance Checkbox and observe the screen 3. Lane Change Alert simple dialog is displayed, same as sketchText is "Lane Change Alert must be on to turn on Blind Zone Steering Assist"With Turn On, Cancel buttons.4. Dismiss the dialog and do nothing.5. Dismiss the dialog and send request Lane Change Alert Customization Change Set Request Signal = ON6. Dismiss the dialog and do nothing.7. The dialog is not shown1102 TC_ARHUD_Navigation_0045 Verify collision alert should display in Far Plane HUD with different power modes 1. PM = CRANK i.e: System Power Mode Signal = Propulsion2. Set **Forward Collision Alert Enable CAL** = Sound System 1. Set **Forward Vehicle Imminent Alert Indication Request Signal** = ON2. Observe the HUD Forward collision alert should not be displayed in Far Plane HUD1103 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Monitor_Alert_942_003 Verify that Autonomous Driving Unavailable - GPS Signal Lost alert is removed from Monitor Tile when ADAS Trim Level Indication = Autonomous Driving and Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request = Driver Action 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0(Autonomous Driving Disable) or 2(Autonomous Driving Active).5. Current Monitor Tile is showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable - GPS Signal Lost. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. the raw CAN message or Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal = Autonomous Driving & Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Center Stack Displayii. the raw CAN message or Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal = Driver Action4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "GPS Signal Lost" is not shown.5. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "You Have Taken Vehicle Control" is shown.Note: Or using **VehicleSimulator** ,send signals:Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal ： ADASTrmLvlInd = 1 = Autonomous DrivingAdvanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal ： ADASMsgDispLocNonActvInd