5. Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Lane Change Complete to Right' is deactivated.42 TC_Projection_Lane_0007 Verify Lane Guidance Maneuver switches correctly between Native Navigation and Car Navigation System Wired Car Navigation System is connectedWired Car Navigation System navigation is ongoing 1. Drive the Vehicle to the target location where the Lane Guidance is supposed to show2. Check Lane Guidance Maneuver shows correctly3. Switch to Native Navigation4. Check Lane Guidance Maneuver disappears correctly5. Switch to Car Navigation System6. Check Lane Guidance Maneuver shows correctly Lane guidance switches correctly between Native Navigation and Car Navigation System43 TC_Cluster_Alert_2016_Basic_RUN Verify "Auto Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes" alert activation/deactivation when PM is RUN 1. Set **Lane Change Warning CAL** = Enable2. Set **System Power Mode Signal** = Run 1. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Seatbelt Not Fastened2. Delay 2 sec3. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = No Indication 1. Verify "Auto Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes" is activated.3. Verify "Auto Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes" is deactivated.44 TC_Projection_Lane_0018 CarPlay Lane Guidance disappears correctly at the correct moment when Wired CarPlay is connected Wired CarPlay is connected 1. Drive the Vehicle to the target location where the Lane Guidance is supposed to disappear.2. Check if Lane Guidance disappears as expected CarPlay Lane Guidance disappears correctly on Cluster45 TC_Cluster_Alert_2017_Basic_RUN Verify Auto Lane Change Take Control alert when Power Mode = Run 1. Set **Lane Change Warnings CAL** = Autonomous Driving2. Set **Power Mode** = Run 1. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal** = Toll Booth Ahead2. Delay 2 sec3. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal** = No Indication 1. Verify "Auto Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes" is activated.3. Verify "Auto Lane Change Take Control to Change Lanes" is deactivated.46 TC_Cluster_Alert_2149_Basic_OFF Verify "Autonomous Driving Lane Change Complete Right" alert when PM = "OFF" 1. Set **Autonomous Driving Lane Change Warnings CAL** = Enabled2. Set PM = OFF 1. Set **Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Change Lane Route Right