Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Center Stack DisplaySerial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal = No Lead Vehicle 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Snow Mode" is NOT shown.5. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "No Lead Vehicle" is shown.798 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0103 Verify all elements of 'Carpool Lanes' screen display correctly without Chopping/Overlapping. 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Carpool Lanes' feature with 'On and Off' radio buttons in Mock 2 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving settings application from Home screen of App tray.2.Click on Settings3. Click on Carpool Lanes / Click on Usage of Carpool Lanes Background of Screen, Size, Position and Shape of the elements, Color, shape, size and position of the buttons, and all the elements in the screen such as 'header title, radio buttons and side text and back button should be displayed in the header and should be displayed according to sketch files of respective theme applied.All the feature names, Primary and guide text should display according to 'Usage of Carpool Lanes' screen and elements in the screen should not be Chopped/Overlapped.799 TC_FCC_Controls_Dev_08 Verify Lane Centering Assistance state in HOLCA screen (1.3.7.dH) 1. System Power Mode = Runi.e: System Power Mode Authenticated = 2 1. Tap on On option.2. Observe **Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Request Signal** = Off.3. Send **Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Current Selection Value Signal** = On.4. Verify **Lane Centering Assistance** state is On in HOLCA only screen. **Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Request Signal** should be sent successfully, and **Lane Centering Assistance** should be in On state.800 TC_Cluster_Alert_116_OtherPMChange_RUN_OFF Verify "Lane Departure Warning Unavailable" alert deactivation when changing power mode from RUN to OFF 1. Set **Lane Departure Warning Unavailable CAL** = Enable (Default)2. Set Power Mode = RUN 1. Set **Lane Departure Warning Unavailable** signal = TRUE2. Change Power Mode to OFF 2. Verify "Lane Departure Warning Unavailable" alert is deactivated when changing Power Mode to OFF.