2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. the raw CAN message or Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal = Autonomous Driving & Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Center Stack Displayii. the raw CAN message or Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal = Dirt Road4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Dirt Road" is shown. 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Dirt Road" is shown.644 TC_FCC_Lane_Assist_Dev_1117 Verify [On Hold/Long press] Lane Assist button icon, should turn off Lane Assist. (0.0.1H) 1. PM = RUN i.e: System Power Mode Protected : System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Run 1. Tap and Hold on Lane Assist button. 2. Check the Lane Keep Assist Virtual Control Available Signal = Available is sent in QNX logs 3. Send response signal Lane Keep Assist Virtual Control Available Signal = Available, Blind Zone Steering Assist Virtual Control Available Signal = Available, Lane Detection Warning and Control Feature State Signal = OFF 4. Observe Lane Assist is turned Off. Should be able to view Lane Keep Assist Virtual Control Available Signal = Available is sent successfully and Lane Assist is turned Off.645 TC_FCC_Controls_Dev_11 Verify Lane Assistance state is On in FCC screen after enabling Lane Keep Assist and sending feature state signals. 1. PM = RUNi.e:S+E3:L4PMP_SysPwrModeAuth = 2 1. Tap on On.2. Observe **Lane Keep Assist Selected Virtual Control Request Signal** = On.3. Send **Lane Detection Warning and Control Feature State Signal** = STANDBY/READY TO ASSIST/FAILED.4. Check the current state of Lane Assistance is Off in Drive screen Should be able to view **Lane Keep Assist Selected Virtual Control Request Signal** = On and current state of Lane Assistance is On.646 TC_FCC_Controls_Dev_66 Verify [On Tap] back icon in Lane Assistance with BZSA screen navigates to drive screen in FCC when vehicle is in RUN mode. 1. **System Power Mode Signal** = Run 1. Click on back icon in Lane Assistance with BZSA screen.2. Observe screen navigation to drive BZSA/HOLCA/LKA screen. Should be able to view drive screen.