3. Verify "Lane centering locked out or (For R5 and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance Locked Out. See Owner's Manual.)" is deactivated.420 TC_Cluster_Alert_2134_AutonomousDrivingPMChange_OFF_ACC Verify "Autonomous Driving Lane Change Unable Left" alert when change power mode from OFF to ACC 1. Set **Autonomous Driving Lane Change Warnings CAL** = 12. Set PM = OFF 1.Set **Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Unable Left2.Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = Autonomous Driving3.Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Cluster Display4. Change PM = ACC 4. Verify "Autonomous Driving Unable to Change Lanes to Left" alert is not activated.421 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0115 Verify display of 'Automated Driving Style - Lane Merge' screen elements 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock 2 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Click on Settings3. Click on the "Automated Driving Style" screen.4.Click on Custom under"Automated Driving Style"text4. Click on "Lane Merge" All the feature names, Primary and guide text should display according to "Automated Driving Style - Lane Merge" screen and text elements of the screen should not be Chopped/Overlapped.Background of Screen, Position and Alignment of the text, Font style of the text, and all the elements in the screen such as "header title, Primary text with 'Wide, Normal and Narrow' options and respective side text and back button should be displayed in the header.,422 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0289 Verify Alert 2118 - Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Vehicle in Next Lane is Too Close is removed from Monitor Tile with CAN signals ADAS Trim Level Indication = Ultra and ADAS Message Display Location Non Active Indication = Center Stack Display 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0 (Autonomous Disabled) or 2 (Autonomous Active).