4.5. Verify "Take Control Change Lanes to Follow Route" is deactivated.5.2. Verify "Take Control Change Lanes to Follow Route" is activated.5.4. Verify "Take Control Change Lanes to Follow Route" is deactivated.885 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Monitor_Alert_654_003 To verify that Alert 654 - Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Tight Curve is removed from Monitor Tile with CAN signal **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = Autonomous Driving || **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Cluster Display || **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal** = Freeway Ends 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0(Autonomous Driving Disabled) or 2(Autonomous Driving Active).5. Current Monitor Tile is showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Tight Curve. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = Autonomous Driving & **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Cluster Displayii. **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal** = Freeway Ends4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Tight Curve" is NOT shown.5. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Freeway Ends" is shown.Note: Or using Vehicle Simulator, send signals:**Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = 1 = Autonomous Driving**Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Cluster Display**Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal** = 3 (Freeway Ends) 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Tight Curve" is NOT shown.5. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Freeway Ends" is shown.886 TC_Virtual_Controls_DEV_1283 Verify secondary text for Lane Keep Assist feature 1. Power Mode Signal = Propulsion2. System Power Mode Protected : System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Propulsion 1. Check secondary text - "When on, the steering wheel may gently turn to help your vehicle stay in the current lane. To use this feature, you must grip the steering wheel. Make sure Adaptive Cruise Control is active, and Lane Keep Assist is on." in LCA screen.