3. Create a Media Player2 -> Under Audio Players, from the Default drop down -> select bus11_cp_alt_out and usage as "USAGE_ASSISTANCE_NAVIGATION_GUIDANCE" Create a Player, Toggle off the GAIN and Click Play.4. Observe audio from the speakers.5. Stop the Media Player 1.6. Create a Media Player 3 -> Under Audio Players, from the Default drop down -> select bus6_notification_out and usage as USAGE_NOTIFICATION and Create a Player, toggle off the Gain and Click Play.7. Observe audio from the speakers.8. Stop the Media player 3.9. Create a Media Player 4 -> Under Audio Players, from the Default drop down -> select bus5_alarm_out and usage as USAGE_ALARM and Create a Player, toggle off the Gain and Click Play.10. Observe audio from the speakers. 2. Audio is audible for Usage_System of player13. Audio is audible for Bus11_cp_alt_out of player 24. Audio from USAGE_system (bus7_system_sound) and bus11_cp_alt_out is mixed.5. Media Player 1 is stopped successfully.6. Audio is audible for Usage_Notification of player37. Audio from USAGE_Notification (bus6_notification_out) and bus11_cp_alt_out is mixed.8. Media player 3 is stopped successfully.9. Audio is audible for USAGE_ALARM of player 4.10. Audio from USAGE_ALARM (bus5_alarm_out) and bus11_cp_alt_out is mixed.826 TC_FCC_Controls_Dev_22 Verify Lane Keep Assist state in Drive screen (1.3.dH) 1. PM = RUN i.e:System Power Mode Protected: System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Run 1. Tap on On._x000D_2. Observe Lane Keep Assist Selected Virtual Control Request Signal = On._x000D_3. Send Lane Detection Warning and Control Feature State Signal = STANDBY/READY TO ASSIST/FAILED_x000D_4. Check Lane Assistance state in Drive screen Lane Keep Assist Selected Virtual Control Request Signal = On and Lane Assistance state = On in Drive screen827 TC_FCC_Lane_Assist_Dev_1118 Verify Lane Assist button icon availability and Off state. 1. **System Power Mode Authenticated Signal** = Run 1. Set **Lane Keep Assist Virtual Control Available Signal** = Available2. Check Lane Assist button icon visibility3. Verify Lane Assist button is in Off state Lane Assist button icon should be visible and in Off state as per design.