2. Set PM = RUN 1. Set **Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Change Lane Route Right2. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = Autonomous Driving3. Set **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Cluster Display4. Change PM = PROPULSION 4. Verify "Take Control Change Lanes to Follow Route" alert remains activated when changing PM to PROPULSION.972 TC_Driver_Display_Controls_Dev_01 Verify the title text "Lane Keep Assist" in the top left corner of the Driver Display. 1. System Power Mode Protected : System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Runi.e:S+E3:System Power Mode Protected : System Power Mode Authenticated = 2 1. Check the title text "Lane Keep Assist" in the top left corner of the Driver Display. Should be able to view title text "Lane Keep Assist" in the top left corner of the Driver Display.973 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Monitor_Alert_660_003 To verify that Alert 660 - Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Can't See Eyes is removed from Monitor Tile when ADAS Trim Level Indication and Lane Centering Warning signals are set 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0(Autonomous Driving Disable) or 2(Autonomous Driving Active).5. Current Monitor Tile is showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Can't See Eyes. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. the raw CAN message or Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal = Autonomous Driving & Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Center Stack Displayii. the raw CAN message or Serial Data 34 Protected : Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal = Due to Weather4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Can't See Eyes" is not shown.5. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Due to Weather" is shown. 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Can't See Eyes" should be removed and not shown in Monitor Tile.5. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Due to Weather" should show in Monitor Tile.