**Chime Request Information: Chime Producer Request Signal** = 586 1) Verify that Audio can be heard2) Verify that Audio changes to almost mute on applying the signal and recovers back to normal3) Verify expected results as in expected results 2 for each **Chime Request Information: Chime Producer Request Signal** (3,4,5 & 6) while Vehicle is in Run mode.1392 TC_Cluster_Alert_116_001 Verifying "Lane Departure Warning Unavailable" alert is not displayed by default when system is in Run mode. 1. **System Power Mode Signal** = Run 1. Observe the display. 1. Verify "Lane Departure Warning Unavailable" alert is not displayed by default.1393 TC_Cluster_Phone_163 Verify incoming call display on near plane when connected via Bluetooth 1. Set **System Power Mode Protected : System Power Mode Authenticated Signal** = Propulsion2. Connect phone via Bluetooth in IVI . 1. Initiate Incoming call to the phone which is connected via Bluetooth2. Observe the Near plane 2. Verify Call Icon and Caller Name is displayed in Infotainment Zone of Near plane display with timeout of 20 secs.1394 TC_Cluster_Alert_2015_Basic_ACC Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Complete Right' alert when PM = 'ACC' 1. Set **Lane Change Warnings CAL** = Autonomous Driving2. Set PM = ACC 1. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal** = APA Active2. Set **Trim Level Indication Signal** = None3. Delay 2 sec4. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal** = No Indication 2. Verify 'Auto Lane Change Complete' is deactivated.4. Verify 'Auto Lane Change Complete' is deactivated.1395 TC_Cluster_Phone_167 Verify incoming call display on Near plane via wired Android Auto 1. Power Mode = Propulsion2. Connect phone via Android Auto in IVI. 1. Initiate incoming call via Android Auto-connected phone2. Observe Near plane 2. Call icon and caller name displayed in Infotainment Zone of Near plane within 20 seconds1396 TC_MFL_61292_GB_Chime_0036 Verify LDWC volume override for RDS Traffic in Run mode with internal amp 1) System is on2) Set LDWC Volume Override CAL = Enabled3) Amp is set to internal 1) Use test apk and play RDS traffic stream