1882 TC_Cluster_Lane_Keep_Assist_Generic_BasicCheck Verify Lane Keep Assist Generic telltale should be activated 1. PM = Propulsion2. **Lane Keep Assist Indicator CAL** = 13. **GP Graphics Non-NA Rest of World CAL** = 0 1. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Visual Alert Command Generic Signal** = NOT READY TO ASSIST2. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Visual Alert Command Generic Signal** = READY TO ASSIST3. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Visual Alert Command Generic Signal** = ALERT4. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Visual Alert Command Generic Signal** = INTERVENTION5. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Visual Alert Command Generic Signal** = OFF 1. Verify the Lane Keep Assist telltale is displayed with white colour2. Verify the Lane Keep Assist telltale is displayed with green colour3. Verify the Lane Keep Assist telltale is displayed with amber colour and flashing at 2HZ4. Verify the Lane Keep Assist telltale is displayed with amber colour5. Verify the Lane Keep Assist telltale dismiss1883 TC_Cluster_Alert_2407_Interaction4_Medium Verify 'Lane Centering Assistance Hands On Active' alert when interacting with medium priority alert (Alert #34). 1. Set **Lane Centering Assist CAL** = Autonomous Driving.2. Set **Power Mode Signal** = Propulsion. 1. Set **Hands on Lane Centering Assist Warning Indication Request Signal** = 72. Set **Brake Pad Worn Indication On Signal** = TRUE within 2 sec of 'Lane Centering Assistance is active' active3. Set **Hands on Lane Centering Assist Warning Indication Request Signal** = 04. Set **Brake Pad Worn Indication On Signal** = FALSE5. Set **Hands on Lane Centering Assist Warning Indication Request Signal** = 76. Set **Brake Pad Worn Indication On Signal** = TRUE within 2 sec of 'Lane Centering Assistance is active' active7. Set **Brake Pad Worn Indication On Signal** = FALSE8. Set **Hands on Lane Centering Assist Warning Indication Request Signal** = 0 within 3 sec 1. Verify 'Lane Centering active. Keep hands on.' alert is activated.2. Verify 'Lane Centering active. Keep hands on.' alert active and deactivates after 3 sec, then 'Service Brakes Worn' alert activates and remains displayed.