2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0(Autonomous Driving Disabled) or 2(Autonomous Driving Active).5. Current Monitor Tile is showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable - No Road Information. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. the raw CAN message or **Serial Data 34 Protected: Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Vehicle Settingii. the raw CAN message or **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal** = Cluster Display4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "No Road Information" is not shown.5. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Set Forward Collision Setting to Alert and Brake" is shown. 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "No Road Information" should be removed and not shown in Monitor Tile.5. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Set Forward Collision Setting to Alert and Brake" should show in Monitor Tile.563 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_1159 Verify the background of the 'Automated Driving Style - Custom - Lane Change Style Unavailable' screen Possible Actions: NAScreen Transition: NASelected Source:Automated Driving Style - Lane Change StyleTarget Screen: NATarget Screen Always: NA1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock FSA5. Set Preference response as 'Failure' in Mock FSA 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Click on Settings3. Click on the "Automated Driving Style" screen.4.Click on ' Custom' under "Automated Driving Style"text5.Click on "Lane Change Style"6.Click on any button under Lane Change Style in the inner feature 1.Background of Screen should be according to "Automated Driving Style - Custom - Lane Change Style Unavailable" screen and should be displayed according to sketch files of respective theme applied.2."Lane Change Style settings unavailable" snack bar should be displayed.564 TC_Cluster_Alert_2124_Interaction2_Immediate Verify Autonomous Driving Lane Ending Alert with Immediate Priority Alert Interaction 1. Set **Autonomous Driving Unavailable Warnings CAL** = 1