6. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "End of Route" is shown. 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "End of Route" is shown.741 TC_Cluster_Alert_536_OtherPMChange_RUN_OFF Verify "Lane Change Alert System Off" alert when change power mode from RUN to OFF 1. Set **Lane Change Alert System Off Configuration** = TRUE (Default)2. Set Power Mode = RUN 1. Set **Lane Change Alert System Off Indication Signal** = TRUE2. Change Power Mode = OFF 2. Verify "Lane Change Alert System Off" alert is deactivated when change Power Mode to OFF.742 TC_Navigation_Dev_0023 Verify 11-inch Cluster Displays Turn Card Activity with Maneuver Icons, Distance, Lane Guidance, and Turn Location in Sync with Google Maps Navigation 1. Use an 11" cluster.2. Set to view the Turn card activity by clicking SWC.3. Enable WIFI Internet.4. Enable Location Services (Settings > Privacy > Location Services > Location Services for Android > Enable)Note: if no T-Box hw, use the vspy player to run Test_2_constant_IVI_moving.csv (Keep Awake and repeat enabled)If T-Box Gen12 is present, hook up the IVI to the GPS antenna. 1. Turn ON the vehicle.2. Tap 4 corners > Navigation Test App > MOCK GPS > highway_401_T-Box.csv3. Search for Toronto in googlemaps.4. Wait for sometime to run the GPS mock signal and observe the turn cards in the cluster located at the right side, close to the COOLANT TEMP. 4. Turn Card Activity shows maneuver icons, distance, and Turn Info inside the greenbox, located at the far right end of cluster near the COOLANT TEMP and are in sync with Google Maps navigation information.743 TC_MFC_Autonomous_Driving_Dev_0051 Verify the Home button in MFC Simulator in Open Lane Deceleration 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. Connected MFC5. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock 2 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Tap on "Settings " tab3. Click on " Automated Driving Style" ->click on " Custom "4. Click on "Open Lane Deccceleration"