2. Connect RVS/SVS camera. 1. Change Power Mode = Propulsion. Wait until IVI is fully awake (wait for more than 1 min after changing Power Mode = Propulsion)2. Send below signals**Lane Keep Assist Virtual Control Available Signal** = Available**Lane Detection Warning and Control Feature State Signal** = OFF**Blind Zone Steering Assist Virtual Control Available Signal** = AvailableClick on BZSA option when in greyed out state3. Observe the snackbar pop-up - "Lane Assistance must be On to enable options" on the screen4. Put transmission gear into Reverse 3. Should be able to view snackbar pop-up - "Lane Assistance must be On to enable options"4. Verify that the rearview image which is not blocked by the pop-up shall be displayed within 1.8 seconds of the start of a backing event. When calculating this timing requirement, include dismissal time of the pop-up after the backing event. For example, if the pop-up is dismissed in 0.5 sec after the backing event, the rearview image (not blocked by the pop-up) should be displayed in 1.3 seconds to meet the 1.8 sec requirement.2365 TC_Cluster_Alert_2015_Interaction4_Medium Verify 'Autonomous Driving Lane Change Complete Right' alert when interacting with medium priority alert (Alert #34). 1. Set **Lane Change Warnings CAL** = Enabled.2. Set **Power Mode Signal** = Propulsion. 1. Set **Lane Centering Control Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = [REMOVED] **Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal** = None.2. Set **Brake Pad Worn Indication On Signal** = TRUE within 2 sec of 'Auto Lane Change Complete' active.3. Set **Lane Centering Control Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Indication Off.4. Set **Brake Pad Worn Indication On Signal** = FALSE. 1. Verify 'Auto Lane Change Complete' alert is activated.2. Verify alert 'Auto Lane Change Complete' active for 12 sec, then 'Service Brakes Worn' active for 12 sec, after that the 2 alerts begin cycle active, the cycle time is 12 sec.4. Verify no alert active.2366 TC_Virtual_Controls_DEV_1294 Verify secondary text - "When on, the steering wheel may gently turn to help your vehicle stay in the current lane. To select additional features, Lane Assistance must be on." in Lane Assistance with Feature screen. (1.3.7) 1. Set **System Power Mode Signal** = Propulsion