Note:Lane Merge is now renamed to Lane Change Style.For Mock FSA, there is still Lane Merge. 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Settings icon.3. Press on Automated Driving Style.4. Press on Custom.5. Press on Lane Change Style.6. Press on Sporty.7. Verify that Sporty is selected and Normal is not selected. 7. Sporty is selected and Normal is not selected.339 TC_Cluster_Alert_2407_OtherPMChange_OFF_RUN Verify "Lane Centering Assistance Hands On Active" alert when changing power mode from OFF to RUN 1. Set Hands on Lane Centering Assist or Autonomous Driving Warnings CAL = True2. Set PM = OFF 1. Set Active Safety Operator Critical Notifications Protected: Hands On Lane Centering Assist Warning Indication Request Signal = LCA Active2. Change PM = RUN 2. Verify "Lane Centering active. Keep hands on. or (For Model X and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance is active)" alert is activated when changing PM to RUN. And deactivated in 3 seconds.340 TC_Autonomous_Driving_Generic_0268 To verify that Alert 2113 - Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Sensors Can't Find Lane Lines is removed from Monitor Tile with Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal = None || Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Both ||Lane Centering Warning 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office.4. FSA Autonomous Driving State is NOT 0(Autonomous Driving DISABLE) or 2(Autonomous Driving ACTIVE).5. Current Monitor Tile is showing Autonomous Driving Unavailable - Sensors Can't Find Lane Lines 1. Launch Autonomous Driving app from Home Screen.2. Press on Monitor icon.3. Using Vehicle Spy, send the following CAN messages:i. Advanced Driver Assist Systems Trim Level Indication Signal = None & Advanced Driver Assist Systems Message Display Location Non Active Indication Signal = Bothii. Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Signal = Can Not See Lanes4. Set FSA Autonomous Driving State to 2(Autonomous Driving ACTIVE).5. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Sensors Can't Find Lane Lines" is not shown.6. Verify that "Autonomous Driving is Fully Functional" is shown instead. 5. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Sensors Can't Find Lane Lines" should not be shown.