ii. the raw CAN message or Lane Centering Warning 2 Indication Request Signal = Autonomous Driving Accelerator Pressed4. Verify that "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Lane Ending" is shown. 4. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Lane Ending" is shown.477 TC_MFC_Autonomous_Driving_Settings_018 Verify the availability of all the elements of "Open Lane Acceleration" with MFC under Autonomous Driving settings 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. MFC simulator should be installed and device is connected and device name is displayed in MFC simulator.5. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock System 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Tap on "Settings " icon using MFC simulator and click on right nudge3. Click on the "Automated Driving Style" screen.4.Click on 'Custom' option under "Automated Driving Style" text5. Click on "Open Lane Accelaration"6.Click on Back Button.7.Repeat 1~5 steps8.Click on Home Button in MFC simulator9.Repeat 1~5 steps10.Click on Previous Button in MFC simulator11.Repeat 1~5 steps12.Click on Next Button in MFC simulator13.Repeat 1~5 steps14.Click on Enter Button in MFC simulator15.Repeat 1~5 steps16.Nudge the rotatory knob upwards in MFC simulator17.Repeat 1~5 steps18.Nudge the rotatory knob downwards in MFC simulator19.Repeat 1~5 steps20.Nudge the rotatory knob towards right in MFC simulator21.Repeat 1~5 steps22.Nudge the rotatory knob towards left in MFC simulator 6.Screen should be navigated to the previous screen8.Screen should be navigated to the Home screen10.Cursor should be navigated to the previous option12.Cursor should be navigated to the Next option and selector should be displayed14.Selected list item should be clickable, highlighted and should navigate in to feature16.Cursor focus should not switch the focus upwards18.Cursor focus should move to below list item or Apptray options20.No action should be performed on nudging the rotatory knob towards right in MFC simulator22.Cursor should move back to the previous screen or left tab or list itemNotes: screen should display according to sketch files of the respective theme applied.