2. Set PM = RUN 1. Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = Complete Left2. Within 2 sec, Set **Lane Centering Warning Extended Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = No Indication 2. Verify "Lane Change Completion" alert is Activated Minimum time of 2sec then deactivated.1321 TC_Cluster_Sport_View_001 Verify Lane Departure Telltale display in Sport view with varying visual alert commands. 1. **Enable Lane Departure Indicator CAL** = True2. Power Mode = RUN.3. Current view is Sport view (DMxName = Sport & DMxStatus = Active)4. **Enable Sport Mode Indicator CAL** = True 1. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Visual Alert Command Generic Signal** = NOT READY TO ASSIST2. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Visual Alert Command Generic Signal** = READY TO ASSIST3. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Visual Alert Command Generic Signal** = ALERT4. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Visual Alert Command Generic Signal** = INTERVENTION5. Set **Lane Detection Warning and Control Visual Alert Command Generic Signal** = OFF 1. Verifying in cluster display Lane Departure Telltale is displayed in White Color.2. Verifying in cluster display Lane Departure Telltale is displayed in Green Color.3. Verifying in cluster display Lane Departure Telltale is displayed in Amber Color with flashing at 2Hz.4. Verifying in cluster display Lane Departure Telltale is displayed in Amber Color without flashing.5. Verifying in cluster display Lane Departure Telltale is deactive1322 TC_HUD_033 Verify HUD Telltales and Speedometer Display When Power Mode Changes from ACC to RUN 1. PM = ACC2. Set **Navigation System Speed Limit Posted Speed Signal** = 2553. Set **Adaptive and Conventional Cruise Control Indication Request Signal** = 94. Set **ACC Driver Selected Speed Signal** = 1005. Set **Forward Vehicle Ahead Indication Request Signal** = 2 or 3 or 4 or 56. Set **Vehicle Speed Average Driven Authenticated Signal** = 2207. Set **Lane Centering Control Indication Request Authenticated Signal** = 4 1. PM = RUN 1. Rectangular Speed Limit Sign Telltale of 255 is displayed on the second right of the speedometer gauge having a maximum value of 220. Vehicle Ahead Green Telltale is flashing, Adaptive Cruise Blue Telltale is displayed on the left of the speedometer, and Lane Centering Blue Telltale is displayed on the first right of the speedometer.