9. Set PDU transmission to default.10. Set PDU transmission to default.11. Set PDU transmission to default.12. Set PDU transmission to default.13. Set PDU transmission to default.14. Set PDU transmission to default.15. Set PDU transmission to default.16. Set PDU transmission to default.17. Set PDU transmission to default.18. Set PDU transmission to default.19. Set PDU transmission to default.20. Set PDU transmission to default.21. Set PDU transmission to default.22. Set PDU transmission to default.23. Set PDU transmission to default.24. Set PDU transmission to default.25. Set PDU transmission to default.26. Set PDU transmission to default.27. Set PDU transmission to default.28. Set PDU transmission to default.29. Set PDU transmission to default.30. Set PDU transmission to default. 5. Title: "Lane Assistance""On, unmarked "Blind Spot Assist", unmarked "Lane Centering"" selected. Icon and description text: "When on, the steering wheel may gently turn to help your vehicle stay in the current lane."Back button matches sketch."Exit" button matches sketch.6. **Lane Keep Assist Selected Virtual Control Request Signal** = On.7. **Lane Keep Assist Selected Virtual Control Request Signal** = Off.8. **Blind Zone Steering Assist Virtual Control Request Signal** = Off.9. **Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Request Signal** = Off.10. "Marked "Blind Spot Assist", "Lane Centering"" selected.11. **Blind Zone Steering Assist Virtual Control Request Signal** = On.12. **Traffic Jam Assist Virtual Control Request Signal** = On.13. "Details unavailable while driving."14. Back to Drive & Park page.16. Close application and return to last Android application.N/A1615 TC_SETTINGS_0413 To verify the selection of "On" option on "Lane Change Alert" screen 1. System is ONSend SignalLane Change Alert Customization Setting Available Signal = TRUE, Lane Change Alert Customization Availability Flag 1 Signal = TRUE, Lane Change Alert Customization Availability Flag 2 Signal = TRUE, Lane Change Alert Customization Current Setting Value Signal = OFF 1. Select "On" option_x000D_2. Observe the screen"Lane Change Alert" settings shall be set to "On"1616 TC_Cluster_Alert_536_006 Verify Lane Change Alert System Off behavior in various power modes. 1. PM = OFF (System Power Mode Authenticated Signal = Off)