5. "Autonomous Driving Unavailable" with text "Lane Ending" should show in Monitor Tile.472 TC_Cluster_Alert_2135_OtherDefault Verify "Autonomous Driving Lane Change Unable Right" alert display by default. 1. Set **Autonomous Driving Lane Change Warnings CAL** = Enable2. Set **Power Mode Signal** = Propulsion 1.Observe the display. 1. Verify "Autonomous Driving Unable to Change Lanes to Right" alert is not displayed by default.473 TC_Cluster_Alert_2406_Basic_RUN Verify Lane Centering Assistance Standby alert when PM is RUN 1. Set **Lane Centering Assist CAL** = Autonomous Driving Enabled2. Set PM = RUN 1. Set **Active Safety Operator Critical Notifications Protected : Hands On Lane Centering Assist Warning Indication Request Signal** = LCA Standby2. Delay 2 sec3. Set **Active Safety Operator Critical Notifications Protected : Hands On Lane Centering Assist Warning Indication Request Signal** = No Indication 1. Verify "Hands-on centering on but not active or (For a specific model and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance is on standby)" is activated.3. Verify "Hands-on centering on but not active or (For a specific model and previous build, if text not same, pls refer to Lane Centering Assistance is on standby)" is deactivated.474 TC_MFC_Autonomous_Driving_Settings_019 Verify the availability of all the elements of "Lane Change Style" with MFC in Autonomous Driving settings 1. IVI is in RUN mode2. Autonomous Driving app is enabled in Home Screen.3. Autonomous Driving subscription is enabled in Back Office4. MFC simulator should be installed and device is connected and device name is displayed in MFC simulator.5. Enable 'Automated Driving style' feature and sub features in Mock FSA 1.Tap on Autonomous Driving Application from home screen or App tray2.Tap on "Settings " icon using MFC simulator and click on right nudge3. Click on the "Automated Driving Style" screen.4.Click on ' Custom' under "Automated Driving Style"text5.Click on "Lane Change Style"6.Click on Back Button.7.Repeat 1~5 steps8.Click on Home Button in MFC simulator9.Repeat 1~5 steps10.Click on Previous Button in MFC simulator11.Repeat 1~5 steps12.Click on Next Button in MFC simulator